---
title: "Chapter 38: Qingyun (4)"
created_at: "2025-07-10 18:27:18 -0400"
---
# Chapter 38: Qingyun (4)

Yan Qing gave a soft scoff and drawled, "I didn't imagine I'd run into someone from the Demon Realm in Nanze Province, what a coincidence."

The turbid, yellow moonlight illuminated the face of the person before him. His crow-black hair cascaded down like a waterfall, and his eyes seemed to be from a painting. The corners of his eyes were slightly uplifted, his lips were dark red, and his smile suggested a subtle threat of danger and destruction. In contrast, his words were casual, carrying an ease and naturalness unique to youthfulness.

However, not a single person in the entire Demon Realm would regard this face as that of a mere youth.

The old man's pupils shrank slightly.

—As the red thread entered his spiritual consciousness, piercing straight through the misty fog, it dug out the phantasm within his consciousness, and coldly, ruthlessly, shredded it bit by bit.

"AHHH\!" The old man clutched his skull with both hands and dropped to his knees.

Yan Qing curled the spirit silk around his fingers and calmly said, "Since you look down on the Upper Heaven so much, how about you tell me what happened instead?" He batted his lashes and said, word by word, "I surely have the appropriate qualifications, Ming City's City Lord."

Terror, shock, and despair flooded the old man's face, which was deathly white. He seemed to be trapped within a nightmare from the depths of his eyes, nearly approaching insanity as he incoherently blabbered, "You're actually still alive, you actually didn't die?\! How could you possibly be alive…"

Yan Qing was expressionless, and with a tug of his fingers, he gradually began slicing apart the phantasm within his consciousness. The old man's shrieks spiked in volume instantly, piercing the ear sharply and scaring off nearby birds.

Yan Qing insipidly said, "It doesn't matter whether or not I died. What matters is you're almost dead."

The old man finally gathered his wits about him. The expression in his eyes was split in half between pain and malevolence from the phantasm and dread and fear from himself. His face was pale, and his breathing was heavy as he reached his hand out to pull at the corner of Yan Qing's robes and hissed, "Young City Lord, spare my life\! Young City Lord, please spare my life. I was backed into a corner due to Zijin Continent's Qin Family and their actions against me. I harbor no thoughts against the Demon Realm Young City Lord\!"

Yan Qing laughed out loud after hearing this, and said in a strange tone, "How interesting. You might harbor no thoughts against the Demon Realm, but I do."

The old man's hand stiffened and his blood froze as he slowly, slowly lifted his head.

Yan Qing didn't want to waste any more words on him and apathetically asked, "Why did you appear in the Upper Heaven, and what relations do you have with the Qin Family?"

The spirit silk entered his brain and could easily scatter his soul with the slightest movement.

The old man's body erupted with terrified shudders, and he became even more frightened when thinking of the rumors surrounding this Young City Lord. Thus, he honestly responded, "I'll speak\! I'll speak\!"

"A hundred years ago, after you and the City Lord died in succession, Shifang City was engulfed in a great fire. The Demon Realm lacked a leader, and the Hundred Cities were tripping over themselves to become king, their endless conflicts resulting in rivers of blood. About ten years ago, a group of masked people in red robes appeared in the Demon Realm. They established 'Mei[^1] City'. They spoke with all the City Lords, sparing those who submitted, slaughtering those who opposed, and became the new capital of the Demon Realm."

Yan Qing said, "Mei City?" Zijin Continent, Mei Mountain's Qin Family.

"Correct, Mei City." The old man swallowed the bloody saliva froth in his mouth. "It was only after meeting with Mei City's City Lord that this subordinate discovered that he was from Zijin Continent's Qin Family\! The person from the Qin Family said there was an alternate path we could take that would allow us to smoothly and discreetly travel from the Demon Realm to the Upper Heaven. It was only at this that this subordinate became bewitched and obeyed his every command."

Of the people who ended up in the Demon Realm, not a single one wasn't guilty of heinous crimes and a desperate fugitive. The place connecting the Upper Heaven and the Demon Realm was located in the Cangwang Sea, enveloped by dense fog year after year.

Cultivators who fell to the Demon Realm had to traverse the waters of the Cangwang Sea and seek out the precipice.

However, if entering the Demon Realm was difficult, then returning to the Upper Heaven was even more difficult.

This was because while the Demon Realm had many entrances, there was only one exit. The exit of the path leading from the Wangui Cave to the Upper Heaven's Giant Demon Slaying Formation was strictly guarded by the Nine Sects and Three Clans.

Thus, for ten thousand years, the demon race and the Upper Heaven were completely isolated from each other and minded their own business.

The dense fog of the Cangwang Sea was boundless, and cultivators were bound to lose their way. Nobody dared to rashly descend unless their cultivation was at the Soul Formation stage.

And the people of the Demon Realm wouldn't foolishly ascend to their deaths either.

It was only now that Yan Qing's expression grew grave. "Where is this other path?"

The old man said, "I don't know, Young City Lord. The person from the Qin Family only brought me up after rendering me unconscious. I don't know anything."

Yan Qing asked again, "What happened after the person from the Qin Family brought you up? What did he do to you?"

When the old man heard these words, his jade green eyes instantly revealed a hatred that was impossible to conceal, as if merging with the malicious intent of the phantasm within his body to become festering pus.

"The Qin Family tried to kill me\! They went back on their word and tried to kill me\! I escaped, but before I could leave Zijin Continent, I was once again pursued by the person from the Immortal Alliance\!" The old man suppressed his bitter resentment, reached out his hand, and spastically gasped the corner of Yan Qing's robes. Hope and avarice once again appeared in his eyes as he said, "Young City Lord\! The Demon Realm still has ten cities that are unwilling to obey the Qin Family. If you were to return, you would definitely be able to summon them together to rebuild Shifang City and expel the Qin Family with their unfathomable motives from the Demon Realm."

Yan Qing couldn't help but laugh out loud after hearing his words. He drawled while blinking, "What do you mean? It's my duty to restore Shifang City's former glory?"

His tone was overflowing with obvious mockery and ridicule, and the old man finally sensed that something was off.

Yan Qing was too lazy to keep conversing with him and lowered his head with a smile, saying, "Given that you've told me everything you know, holding nothing back, I’m willing to grant you a simple death."

The old man had yet to react.

Yan Qing's expression was already cold as ice, and he yanked the spirit silk out from between his eyebrows. The surface of the dark red thread carried a heavy layer of thick, viscous black liquid. The black liquid flowed as if attempting to flee, but it was firmly suppressed by the spirit silk and erupted in white smoke.

The instant the "phantasm" was forcibly extracted from the consciousness. The old man was already nearing death due to Yu Xin's sword strike, and he had already made his last stand. The green in his eyes gradually faded as he stared directly at Yan Qing. His body then collapsed, and he died with open eyes.

Yan Qing raised the red thread, gazed at that foul, writhing liquid, and was silent for a moment.

His spirit silk could capture phantasms and remove them, but it wasn't able to destroy them.

Phantasms living within demonseeds that were mortals or low-level cultivators would disintegrate upon the host person's death.

However, this old man was at the Great Ascension stage…phantasms living within Great Ascension demonseeds had to be exterminated by the Buhui Sword.

The "phantasm" slowly began settling down and slid down along the spirit silk like a long, silent, black snake.

Yan Qing's eyes sharpened as he suddenly thought of something. He directly pulled Budezhi down from his shoulder.

Budezhi had a silencing spell placed on it, so earlier, when Yan Qing and that old man were exchanging words, the more it listened, the more dumbfounded and muddleheaded it got. Now that it had suddenly been pulled down, its red eyes widened, and its hackles rose. The second the silencing spell was lifted, it rebelliously shouted, "What do you want to do to this lord?\!"

Yan Qing said, "Are you hungry? I'll feed you something, open up."

He pinched Budezhi's mouth and forced it open. At first, Budezhi resisted with all its might and would rather die than submit. However, once the phantasm entered its mouth and it tasted the flavor of that murky black thing, it was once again dumbstruck.

It was sw-sweet? And it was actually pretty good?

Towards the end, it just started going with the flow. Its wings clutched Yan Qing's spirit silk and widened its mouth with an *ahh*, planning to swallow the whole ball of string. How could Yan Qing let its saliva touch his silk? He pushed its face away with his hand and prevented it from lifting its mouth.

Budezhi: "?"

Yan Qing said, "I'm concerned that if you eat too fast, you won't feel full."

Budezhi: "..."

The phantasm on the spirit silk dripped into Budezhi's mouth drop by drop, and was cleanly and completely consumed by it. After it finished eating, it licked its lips and patted its belly, letting out a loud belch, perfectly satisfied. It curiously asked, "What did you make me eat?"

Yan Qing: "Was it tasty?"

Budezhi: "It was alright."

Yan Qing seriously looked it up and down, and asked with meaning, "How do you feel after eating it?"

Budezhi rolled its eyes and honestly replied, "I'm even more tired now." It was dragged down the mountain by Yan Qing to participate in that nuisance of an auction, and it was already dead exhausted then. Now, after eating that stuff, its stomach was both warm and full, it was even more tired, and it just wanted to go to sleep. However, as it raised its wing and yawned, it suddenly thought of something again, and its bird-like body went rigid as its red eyes unblinkingly stared at Yan Qing.

"Wait, something's not right. What did this person just call you?"

Yan Qing said, "Young City Lord. What, you don't understand what it means?"

Budezhi gave an "Oh" and asked again, "Young City Lord of what city?"

Yan Qing: "Shifang City."

Budezhi: "Oh"

Budezhi: "..."

Budezhi: "........."

When Budezhi's entire body turned into a stone bat-shaped statue and pitched downward, in a rare moment of kindness, Yan Qing caught its head and simultaneously consoled it in a teasing manner. "What, why are you so surprised?"

Budezhi: "..."

Budezhi: "........."

In Liuxian Continent, Budezhi was simply a bat that merely ate and slept all day. Everything it knew of worldly matters came solely from gossip and hearsay. For example, names like Wangqing Sect and Xie Ying fell from the lips of countless people every day, and it was very familiar with them. However, a hundred years ago, the phrase Shifang City spread widely throughout the three realms, stirring up tremendous waves. It was impossible for Budezhi not to know about it.

In the first year of the Chunhe Era, Wangqing Sect's Chief Disciple Xie Ying burst into the Demon Realm and set fire to Shifang City.

At the time, Shifang City was the capital of the Demon Realm. As for the Young City Lord of Shifang City. Budezhi's red eyes rolled up, and it straight up fainted.

Yan Qing sneered, "Wimp."

Yan Qing put Budezhi inside the mustard seed space and headed toward the black market with a flourish of his sleeves.

In the time that he was away, the green fog obscuring the black market had mostly faded. Everyone seemed as if they had collapsed from exhaustion, pulling and leaning against one another as they slowly propped themselves up using the walls around them. Those who had escaped from the auction hall and were a bit more familiar with the true situation raised their sleeves to wipe at their sweat and said with a lingering fear, "The person from the Immortal Alliance must've dealt with the demonseed."

The fog and little bells were both terrifyingly dark and gloomy. It was obvious from a glance that they came from dubious origins.

Lantern after lantern hung in the black market, illuminating the roads and alleyways in a fiery glow.

At the auction hall.

Ming Ze's entire person was so anxious that he was burning up. He no longer paid any attention to his fear, and threw himself over to grasp Yu Xin's sleeve to say, "Qianbei\! Save Yan Qing\! He's been kidnapped by that demon, it's a complete disaster\! Qianbei, I'm begging you\! Please save him\!"

Yu Xin couldn't stand the annoyance and threw him straight to the ground with a brandish of his sleeve.

He was also ill at ease at the moment. His palms were slightly sweaty as he vigilantly watched the east. He didn't know what instructions he would receive.

On the other side, Fei Yu bent over and picked up that mirror, crouching down and softly saying, "Miss, everything is alright, the fire has been extinguished."

Jing Ruchen mumbled, "Fire…"

Fei Yu repeated, "That's right, miss, the fire's extinguished."

The fire's extinguished. A cool breeze flitted past the ruins and scorched earth, and also flitted past her tear-stained face. Jing Ruchen dazedly nodded and made to stand up. However, her steps were unsteady, and she staggered a bit.

Fei Yu stood to the side, calmly and silently watching her, and made no move to help. He waited until she had wiped her tears by herself and stood up.

"Miss, put this mirror away in a safe place." Fei Yu waited until she had found her footing and handed her that mirror, quietly saying, "If there comes a day where I'm unable to protect you, just shatter this mirror, and someone will come to save you."

This was probably the calculating and scheming to the utmost Fuhua Sect Master's final sliver of conscience.

Jing Ruchen received it, tearfully nodded, and whispered, "Okay."

Ming Ze fell to the ground, his eyes devoid of spirit. He blamed himself nearly to the point of tears, and mumbled to himself, "It's all because I was a burden to Yan-Xiong, it's all my fault. If I hadn't drawn the demon out, then Yan-Xiong wouldn't have been kidnapped\!"

Yu Xin silently said, *You're a nobody?\! How could you possibly have the ability to draw that demon out?\!* He was so pissed off listening to this that he wanted to take his sword and force that stupid brat to shut up, but the second he turned around, he saw a silhouette emerge from his east, and the words caught in his throat. He was unable to maintain his composure and immediately knelt down. "Paying respects to the Alliance Leader\!"

—Alliance Leader\!

The instant he heard those words. Fei Yu's pupils suddenly contracted, and the manners he had always rigidly abided by before were immediately cast aside. His hand shot out to grab Jing Ruchen's wrist and pulled her behind him. Cold sweat emerged from his head to his toes, layers upon layers of his defenses were raised, and the hand hidden within his sleeves tightly contracted its grasp.

"Fei Yu?" Jing Ruchen was also frightened the moment Fei Yu had abruptly grabbed her wrist. This was the first time she had seen Fei Yu like this, and she was filled with apprehension. However, she was aware that she shouldn't say a word, and quietly shut her mouth.

Ming Ze

Xie Shiyi had come from Yuqing Peak, and the hummingbird resting between his fingers shattered. His ink-black hair carried with it frost, his figure was upright like jade, his gaze was unmoving, and his tone was cold and detached as he said, "Explain the situation."

"Understood." Sweat poured from Yu Xin's hands as he braced himself and said, "After this subordinate met Qianbei below the auction hall, when Qianbei and I emerged, we just so happened to run into the demonseed as he was casting the Great Possession Formation, and I assassinated it. Who could have thought that the demonseed at death's door would awaken his phantasm, abduct Qianbei, and furthermore threaten me not to pursue him? This subordinate didn't dare to act blindly without thinking, and thus sent word to you."

Xie Shiyi was silent.

Yu Xin suddenly felt his hands and feet go ice-cold, and choked, "Alliance Leader…"

Yan Qing returned, carrying Budezhi like a purse, and witnessed this scene from a play: Ming Ze was slumped over to one side with his eye sockets thoroughly red, Fei Yu was guardedly protecting Jing Ruchen behind himself, and Yu Xin was deferentially kneeling on the ground.

His heart was filled with amusement for a moment. Ever since he arrived in the Upper Heaven, besides Le Zhan, Xi Chaoyun, and Jing Ruyu, there was surprisingly not a single person who was unafraid of Xie Shiyi.

Yan Qing waved his hand and laughed out loud, saying, "Let him get up, I'm fine. We barely took a couple of steps before that old man died first."

Yu Xin raised his head, stunned. Fei Yu also tightly furrowed his brows and looked toward the person who arrived… This person was speaking to Xie Ying?

Under the moonlight, Xie Shiyi looked back, and the instant he caught sight of Yan Qing, the incorporeal sense of cold detachment and oppression surrounding him receded like a tide, yet his expression remained the same, revealing no signs of relief. He merely said, "Did you already forget the three things you promised me earlier?"

"..." Yan Qing only now thought of the three things that Xie Shiyi had nagged him about on Yuqing Peak: Don't cause trouble, don't descend the mountain[^2]. He clammed up for a minute before drawling, "Isn't this because I found out I was missing a weapon during the competition today? So I went down the mountain to look for one\!"

Xie Shiyi wasn't necessarily surprised that Yan Qing had returned. If Yan Qing had gotten caught up in something truly dangerous, someone from the Immortal Alliance wouldn't even have had the opportunity to send him a message.

He listened to Yan Qing's explanation and gave a silent laugh. With a mild tone, he said, "You came here to look for a weapon?"

Yan Qing inwardly rolled his eyes. *Alright, alright, we get it, this place is too beneath a prestigious noble like you.*

Yan Qing: "Is there a problem?"

However, once he looked at Xie Shiyi, he couldn't help but think of Murong Motian, which filled his heart with joy, so much so that even the heavy thoughts brought on by the Demon Realm's affairs largely dissipated. His peach blossom eyes curved as he smiled and said, "Immortal Master, don't look down on this place. You should know that the most unique, exceptional treasures often hide in plain sight within the bustling city. There are many pleasant surprises here."

Xie Shiyi still hadn't said anything. Yan Qing already swaggered over, the only thing on his mind being Xie Shiyi's expression after he personally listened to the peddler's story. *Oh, how marvelous it'll be\!*

It was to the extent that he even forgot to maintain propriety in front of outsiders. He directly pulled Xie Shiyi's hand and grinned, "Go go go, Immortal Master, I'll take you to see a pleasant surprise."

Ming Ze: "..."

Yu Xin: "..."

Fei Yu: "..."

Xie Shiyi dropped his gaze and didn't fling him off. "A pleasant surprise?"

Yan Qing said, "Right, you'll be absolutely astounded. You can already start looking forward to it."

Xie Shiyi looked at him slowly and steadily, and nonchalantly said, "Oh."

However, before they had taken a couple of steps, Yan Qing remembered Xie Shiyi's status in Nanze Province and raised a concern. "Wait, that's not right, everyone who sees you trembles like a leaf. Won't the little peddler be scared away the instant you appear?"

Xie Shiyi calmly said, "He won't. Very few people in the Upper Heaven have seen me before.

Yan Qing said, "Alright then."

[^1]:  梅, plum

[^2]:  Does anyone remember when this was, I don't…
