---
title: "Chapter 43: Qingyun (9)"
created_at: "2025-08-23 22:32:21 -0400"
---
# Chapter 43: Qingyun (9)

"Dao Compainon?" Jing Ruyu's expression revealed a crack, and the pitch of her voice spiked in shock.

"Yes." Qin Changxi nodded, his voice deep. "According to the Liuguang Sect's Elder Chengying, Xie Ying's Dao companion's aptitude is mediocre, his cultivation level is low, and he hasn't yet established their foundation. Perhaps we can make use of this."

Jing Ruyu's expression was heavy. "Then I think I've seen him."

Qin Changxi said, "En?"

Jing Ruyu replied, "Is he a youth?"

Qin Changxi's eyebrows shot up. "Yes, where have you seen him?"

Jing Ruyu mildly said, "Qingle City. After she spoke, she lifted her gaze, her thin willow brows as cold as the edge of a blade, and her almond eyes dark. "Xie Ying stands guard at that youth's side at all times, refusing to take a single step away. Third Young Master of the Qin Family, does this seem characteristic of Xie Ying?"

Qin Changxi, smirking slightly, said, "It's precisely because it's so uncharacteristic of Xie Ying that it proves how important this youth is to him."

The ridicule in Jing Ruyu's eyes deepened as she coldly scoffed. "No, what I mean is, does it seem characteristic of Xie Ying to flashily brandish his weakness right before our faces?"

Qin Changxi froze.

Jing Ruyu placidly said, "If Xie Ying truly cared about someone, how could he let you and me know? I'm afraid all of this might be a feint."

Qin Changxi asked, "Sect Master Jing, what do you mean?"

Jing Ruyu apathetically said, "Either Xie Ying is using this youth as bait to lure us out, or that youth is himself a danger."

Qin Changxi definitely shook his head. "No way. I've thoroughly investigated that youth's background. He's called Yan Qing and is the son of a Huichun Sect Elder. Since childhood, he's been spoiled and pampered, he's domineering and bossy, and his thoughts are simple. Moreover, something like reincarnation doesn't exist in this world."

Jing Ruyu's mouth corners seemed to carry a smile. However, those red lips failed to form a true curve.

"Third Young Master of the Qin Family, you've investigated so thoroughly, but do you have a plan?"

Qin Changxi was the future Head of the Qin Family, but at the moment, he still lacked any real authority.

Although he could claim Yin Lie as his sworn brother, before Jing Ruyu, he by no means could wield the same power and status as his father.

While the Nine Great Sects of the Upper Heaven had no objections toward the Four-Hundred Eighty Temples, they would never take the initiative to become closer to the Qin Family, and remained headed by the Immortal Alliance of Nanze Province. 

The Qin Family had only become close with Fuhua Sect and Liuguang Sect in the recent hundred years. From these two sects, Yin Lie and Jing Ruyu had utterly different personalities.

On one hand, Yin Lie was always only looking for quick gains, rash and headstrong. On the other hand, Jing Ruyu was exceedingly meticulous and fastidious, exercising caution at every step.

Qin Changxi’s lip under his silver fox mask curved, and he said, “Sect Master Jing, don’t worry. Since you’re already apprehensive about this youth, we won’t force you to take action personally. Changxi only wished to raise a suggestion towards the Sect Master: Split the Qingyun Conference into two rounds. For the first round, an arena tournament determines the top five hundred contestants. For the second round, how about the Sect Master opens Fuhua Sect's Tinglan[^1] Secret Realm?"

Jing Ruyu's brows furrowed. "The Tinglan Secret Realm?"

Qin Changxi said, "Yes."

The Tinglan Secret Realm was where a previous Fuhua Sect Great Elder raised gu[^2] insects. The grounds harbored a sinister energy, and poisonous insects and wild beasts alike ran amok. After that elder passed away, the Secret Realm was further left abandoned ever since.

Qin Changxi said, "For the second round, the rule will be to see who will be the first to emerge from the Tinglan Secret Realm."

Jing Ruyu was not the least bit enthused about this rule and asked again, "You want to tamper with the Secret Realm?" She reminded him, "For the Qingyun Conference, each of the Nine Great Sects will appoint a Great Elder to follow along and ensure the safety of their disciples. Void Refinement cultivators won't be easy to fool."

Qin Changxi laughed. "Relax, Sect Master Jing, I'm not that stupid."

Jing Ruyu smiled, but it didn't reach her eyes, and she said nothing.

Qin Changxi held his folding fan and once again gave her an elegant bow. His expression became solemn, and he slowly said, "Sect Master Jing, if you wish to kill Xie Ying, it's impossible to do so without undertaking any risk."

Jing Ruyu lifted a hand and ran it through her hair, and was silent for a second, before lightly saying, "Alright, I'll accept your suggestion. However, if you're discovered by the Nine Great Sects, I won't save you."

Qin Changxi stood up, and his eyes beneath his silver fox mask curved. "Don't worry, I know my limits."

Before leaving, he took another look at the liuli pearl encrusted in Xuanji Palace's sect plaque. The jasper was translucent, and light and colors flowed brilliantly through it.

Qin Changxi was a bit curious, but the Xuanji Palace fire was already a taboo subject within Fuhua Sect, Jing Ruyu had an overly paranoid personality, and it wouldn't be convenient to ask about it now, so he could only drop it. Qin Changxi loved pearls and jade throughout his life, and they were always the first things he noticed, no matter where he went.

\*

The Qingyun Conference was a grand occasion that only occurred once every hundred years. This time, it was hosted by Fuhua Sect. Besides Tianshu, the elder who was in charge of these matters, Wangqing Sect normally would send a Great Elder to oversee the event. Le Zhan was originally still mulling over who to send, and never thought that Duwei would unexpectedly volunteer of his own accord. 

Le Zhan: "..."

No need to think about it, once again, it was definitely because of that "disciple daughter-in-law" who insisted on participating in the Qingyun Conference.

One important reason Wangqing Sect was able to consistently remain at the top of the Nine Great Sects was that within the sect, there were three cultivators at the Soul Formation stage. The other sects typically only had one: if it wasn't the Sect Master, then it was some reclusive Great Elder who never made an appearance.

Cultivators at the Void Refinement stage already struck fear into all living things. Throughout the entire cultivation realm, there were no more than fifty Void Refinement cultivators, and it was possible to count each and every one of them. Even in Wangqing Sect, there were only seven inner peak Peak Lords.

Le Zhan's brows furrowed. "Duwei, you really want to go to Fuhua Sect?" Duwei and Jing Ruyu's relationship was like fire and ice, and it was obvious to the entire Upper Heaven. On the night that Xiaoyu Palace was plunged into a bloodbath, the three severed heads rolling on the ground completely tore down all semblances of a peaceful facade.

Xie Shiyi replied, "En."

For a moment, Le Zhan was filled with all sorts of complicated feelings. "If anything happens, contact me directly."

Xie Shiyi mildly said, "Alright."

He turned his sight towards the center of Tianxiang[^3] Palace, and in the center of a boundless golden light, a token hovered. It was crafted from a pure, black, mysterious stone and was plain and simple, lacking any kind of gaudy embellishments. On its surface, a single line of characters was written in blood. 

Le Zhan followed his gaze and explained, "This is the token that little Daoist Yan Qing returned to the sect."

Xie Shiyi reached out his hand from his snow-white sleeves, and in that instant, the token escaped from Tianxiang Palace's Gold Formation and, carrying ice-blue spiritual energy, landed in the palm of his hand.

His gaze dropped to look at the line of characters on its surface. Written in blood were the words: "I wish for Immortal Venerable Duwei to be my Dao companion."

Xie Shiyi gave a light smile.

Le Zhan sighed and said, "This originally belonged to little Daoist Yan Qing. Since he is now by your side, you may take it with you if you wish."

Xie Shiyi replied, "Many thanks, Shifu."

Evening, Yuqing Peak.

Yan Qing was growing quite bored of toying with his red string. Although Ming Ze warned him over and over again that before he went to Fuhua Sect, he had to prepare many elixirs and talismans in advance, in case they came in handy in the arena during the competition, after his rebirth, Yan Qing was nothing but a mere pauper. Forget elixirs and talismans, he even had to carve his own sword himself. Furthermore, his thoughts were a mess right now, and he absolutely didn't have the time to think about these things.

Budezhi grew tired watching Yan Qing playing cat's cradle, and with a droop of his head, he nodded off to sleep using Yan Qing's hand as a pillow.

Yan Qing ended up tying a dead knot with the red thread between his fingers, and by the time he discovered it, he softly cursed, *"Unlucky."* He lifted his hand against the light and began untying it.

By the time he finished untying it, it was already the middle of the night.

But Xie Shiyi still hadn't returned.

Yan Qing periodically looked out the window.

The moonlight, clear and cold, shone on the snow, with winter plum blossoms reflecting in it. The space was empty and desolate, with no one approaching.

For a moment, he didn't know if he was more relieved or disappointed.

The next morning.

Yan Qing and Ming Ze were the only Futai Study Hall disciples who entered the Qingyun Conference.

Ming Ze was like a little bird leaving his nest for the first time. Filled with anxiety and excitement, he followed Yan Qing blindly.

Before Tianshu brought them to the arena, he praised, "You two were able to enter the Qingyun Conference even though you're still at Futai Study hall. This means that your natural aptitudes are one in a million."

The nearby Hengbai immediately revealed a disdainful sneer.

Some people's natural aptitudes were truly one in a million; some people were one in a million at mooching off of others.

Tianshu secretly swatted Hengbai's finger, his eyes disapproving, and he quietly admonished, "We're almost about to go to Fuhua Sect, you'd better start acting like a proper elder."

"Okay." Hengbai rolled his eyes and found him tedious. With large steps, he walked forward toward the sect's martial arts practice stage.

Ming Ze had long noticed that something wasn't quite right and carefully and cautiously asked Yan Qing, "Yan-Xiong, why do I feel like Elder Hengbai seems to have something against you?"

Yan Qing lazily said, "Remove the words 'seems to,' he definitely has something against me."

Ming Ze's face was full of doubt. "Why? Yan-Xiong, your talent is outstanding and your personality is likable. Why does Elder Hengbai have something against you?"

Yan Qing thought, *Because I sullied his heart's eminent and unapproachable Chief Disciple Shixiong.* 

Yan Qing smirked and unbotheredly said, "The thoughts of a Great Ascension expert are deep and unfathomable."

Ming Ze furrowed his brows tightly and felt terribly gloomy on his behalf. He muttered, "That doesn't mean he can act like this."

Yan Qing laughed and thought, *Futai Study Hall might be the purest place in all of Wangqing Sect.*

The matter of talent was usually all too easily the origin of resentment and jealousy. He was a mere cultivator from the boonies, and originally, he was simply trash with the lowest cultivation in the class. But, within one night, his cultivation suddenly advanced by leaps and bounds, and he became a well-known figure, standing shoulder-to-shoulder with Ming Ze.

And yet, Ming Ze's first reaction was unexpectedly delighted surprise.

In the cultivation realm, where geniuses were overly lauded with praise, those who could maintain their initial aspirational mindset were either meteorically rising proud sons of heaven who crushed all others beneath their feet or sweet, naive optimists with endless cheer and open minds.

Ming Ze was exactly the latter. Speaking of which, one could argue that Hengbai, given his age, was the former.

Moreover, Wangqing Sect had over three hundred peaks, and each peak bore a thousand people. Among these thousands of people, even if one was simple-hearted upon entering the sect, over time, after experiencing and growing, they would no longer be as pure.

After they arrived behind the martial arts practicing stage, Yan Qing finally met other Wangqing disciples besides those from Futai Study Hall.

There were young, old, men, women, and they all wore Wangqing Sect’s Daoist robes: blue tunics with white outer garments, silver swords at their waists. The women were clean, graceful, and otherworldly, while the men exuded an aura of immortality from their bones.

Ming Ze had just walked over before he was called away by someone. The person who called him was a female cultivator. She was at the late stage of Nascent Soul, and her appearance was elegant, yet her tone was quite grave as she said, “Ming Ze, come here.”

“Shijie?”

Ming Ze said to Yan Qing with embarrassment, “Yan-Xiong, that’s my Shijie from Jingshuang Peak. I’m going to head over there.”

Yan Qing nodded. “Alright.”

The Wangqing Sect disciples were mostly grouped together by their peak. Although Yan Qing had registered under Tianshu’s Yanfan peak, he had never cultivated there before and didn’t recognize a single person. Tianshu had his own matters to attend to, and Hengbai had been dragged away to verify the headcount.

Thus, in the lively, bustling crowd behind the martial arts practice stage, Yan Qing was left standing alone with only a dirty grey bird accompanying him. Utterly isolated, he stuck out like a sore thumb.

More than a few people were secretly sizing him up.

Yan Qing was accustomed to being the center of attention and threw them an engaging smile. The youth had red lips and white teeth, his expression alluring. His features were extraordinarily striking, yet his eyes held an air of elegance. In his arms, he held a vicious and malevolent black bird, which only added a sense of eerie, bewitching darkness to his ineffable beauty.

Everyone expressionlessly withdrew their gaze.

As for who this person was, they more or less had an idea. When Yan Qing had entered Wangqing Sect with Xie Shiyi, there had been many people on the martial arts practice stage. Furthermore, he had received a personal welcome from Le Zhan and Xi Chaoyun—nobody would forget.

They didn’t know about the matter with Zixiao’s token, so their impression of Yan Qing was of a late-coming, slow-witted cultivator. Moreover, it was rumored that he was involved with Xie-Shixiong? It was simply absurd\!

A young girl in the crowd of people stared at Yan Qing and said darkly, “I remember when he had just entered Wangqing Sect, he didn’t even establish his foundation yet.”

The Shixiong beside her said with overt envy, “How many miracle elixirs must he have needed to consume in order to reach this level of cultivation?”

The young girl sneered. “No need for jealousy. I remember the last person who relied on elixirs like this was Liuguang Sect’s Yin Wuwang. It's just a front. Once they make a move, you'll see it's all flash and no substance.”

“Sounds about right.”

Everyone wagged their tongues behind Yan Qing’s back. Anyone who entered Wangqing Sect was undoubtedly a genius to the outside world. They held someone like Yan Qing—someone who only had looks and nothing else, whose attitude was mediocre, who could only cultivate by taking shortcuts, and even when entering the sect, did so in an utterly disgraceful manner—in utmost contempt.

Although Budezhi's outward appearance was sinister and fierce, once it opened its mouth, it revealed its foolish and naive nature. Its red eyes spun around as it said, "I see that everyone else is all together, how about you sneakily join in? Isn't it awkward being by yourself?"

Yan Qing lazily said, "No need, it's always lonely at the top."

The Qingyun Conference was a good opportunity to make your name known. Pretty much every Wangqing Sect cultivator under three hundred years old would participate, caught at an age where they weren't fully established and mature, nor still innocent youths.  

There were many people, and in order to easily manage everyone, they were also grouped by peak when riding flying boats and setting off for Fuhua Sect.

Tianshu was there reading off the list of names. "Songshan Peak, Baosong Peak, and Yiqing Peak will ride the first fleet of cloud boats." All the disciples followed the preparations and flowed onto the hundreds of cloud boats docked in midair like a tide. 

At the very end, Yan Qing was the only one left.

Yan Qing carried Budezhi and curiously asked Tianshu, "Elder, what about me, what about me?"

The thousands of Wangqing Sect disciples on the cloud boats suddenly made all kinds of strange expressions. Their hearts harbored disdain, and their countenances revealed ridicule.

More than anything, they just wanted to enjoy the show and watch Yan Qing get embarrassed. At the same time, they thought, *even if he entered the sect, who would acknowledge his status?*

Tianshu was all smiles. "Young Master Yan, you won't be riding with them."

Yan Qing said, "Ah? Then who will I be riding with?"

As if it were obvious, Tianshu replied, "You'll be riding with Duwei, of course." 

Yan Qing: "..."

Yan Qing's smile fell off his face. *I don't want to\!*

If Yan Qing were to look at Xie Shiyi right now, probably the only thing he'd think of is that mole\!

Instantly, he pleaded to Tianshu for help, his expression twisted. "How could that do?\! Elder Tianshu, I've already joined Yanfan Peak. How about you let me ride with you? Elder, Elder Tianshu?"

Tianshu was struck dumb by his forwardness. "Ah?"

Hengbai rolled his eyes nearby and was planning on making a snarky remark about how he didn't understand his good fortune. However, he quickly remembered the smutty books Yan Qing was reading in class, and he immediately slammed on the brakes and bit his tongue.

—If Yan Qing and Xie-Shixiong were to be alone together, his head would probably be filled with those despicably dirty thoughts\!

Unwilling to let his pure and honest, cool breeze and clear moon-like Xie-Shixiong be secretly leered at by this kind of person, Hengbai could only endure his humiliation in service of the greater good and say, "Tianshu, let him ride with me."

All misgivings Yan Qing had toward him suddenly vanished like smoke, and he looked at him like he was his savior, his eyes glittering as he said with sincerity, "Elder Hengbai, you're such a good person, I won't even mind if you roll your eyes at me every single day from now on\!"

Hengbai: "..."

Hengbai was so angered that he couldn't help but roll his eyes once more.

The people on the cloud boats who were waiting to watch Yan Qing's embarrassment were frozen with shock. Although cultivators could extend their spiritual consciousness and listen from a thousand miles away, they didn't dare act impudently before Hengbai and Tianshu.

Thus, they were far away and couldn't hear what was being said. They only saw Yan Qing calmly discussing with two Great Ascension Elders, without the slightest bit of unease.

In their experience, shouldn't youngsters absolutely get the door slammed in their faces?

Tianshu, as an old people pleaser, could be overlooked, but Hengbai was by no means easy to interact with. Although Elder Hengbai had a cute babyface, the inner disciples of the sect all knew just how much arrogance this young, hot-blooded Great Ascension Elder had in his bones.

And now, in the span of just a few words, that youth had already made Elder Hengbai roll his eyes so hard they were about to get a cramp.

Everyone: "..."

Tianshu was stuck between a rock and a hard place, but seeing his determined attitude, he said in exasperation, "Alright then."

Yan Qing let out a long sigh of relief and gave a genuine, earnest grin. "Many thanks to Elder Tianshu\! You're really such a great person, joining your Yanfan Peak was truly the fortune of three lifetimes\! The fortune of three lifetimes\!"

Yan Qing had just finished speaking when a clear and cold voice he was very familiar with reached his ear.

Accompanying a low, icy laugh, its tone carried little warmth.

"Oh, so joining my Yuqing Peak is just that shameful?"

[^1]:  汀澜, Rippling Isles

[^2]:  蛊, 

[^3]:  天相, Heavenly signs
