---
title: "Chapter 44: Qingyun (10)"
created_at: "2025-09-15 20:38:13 -0400"
---
# Chapter 44: Qingyun (10)

Yan Qing: "..."

Hengbai's joy reached his brows. "Xie-Shixiong?"

Yan Qing turned his head back and met Xie Shiyi's eyes. In the clear radiance of the early morning, they were like glass beads steeped in water, profoundly dark and piercingly cold.

Yan Qing grimaced. "Immortal Venerable."

Xie Shiyi calmly gazed at him and slowly said, "When did you join Yanfan Peak? How come I wasn't aware?"

Yan Qing felt so awkward that his entire body was tense. He pinched Budezhi's wings and said with embarrassment, "I definitely told you before. It's just that important people like Immortal Venerable often forget things, so it's only natural that you don't remember."

Xie Shiyi said, "You just called Tianshu Shizun?"

Yan Qing replied, "Yep, is there an issue?"

Xie Shiyi gave an expressionless smile. "Oh, then you really are a little Shidi then."

Yan Qing: "..." He desperately wanted to cover up Xie Shiyi's mouth right now.

Tianshu had utterly no desire to get mixed up in these two people's business. After all, in the end, the one to suffer would always be his well-behaved self.

The well-behaved person wiped away his sweat and smiled weakly. "Duwei, the cloud boats are about to set sail soon. How about you board the boat with Fellow Daoist Yan first?"

Xie Shiyi lowered his gaze and said, "En."

Yan Qing had already given up on Tianshu and planned to plead for assistance from Hengbai.

*Hengbai, the great maidservant.*

*You're really okay with your clear as ice, clean as jade young mistress sharing a room with the dirty-minded son-in-law?*

*You're not worried that I, someone worse than a beast, might do something to your young mistress?*

However, as soon as he turned his head, and before he could even shoot him a look or open his mouth, his wrist was caught in Xie Shiyi's grip.

Xie Shiyi's hand was cold, and his tone was mild. "Don't meddle." Yan Qing: "..." He really wanted to swear. Who exactly was meddling here?

Even though Xie Shiyi was the Peak Lord of Yuqing Peak, he wasn't a Great Elder of Wangqing Sect. This time, he was likely leading them in the capacity of Chief Disciple.

Although his title was "Chief Disciple," there was probably nobody in all of Wangqing Sect who dared to define their relationship with Xie Shiyi as fellow disciples.

Xie Shiyi had never reciprocated before, so in a sense, Yan Qing was truly the first "shidi" he ever acknowledged.

Of course, Yan Qing didn't consider this an honor at all—he was merely extremely frustrated by the fact that there didn't exist an undetectable drug that could erase someone's memory, so he could make Xie Shiyi forget about the matter with the novel.

When boarding the cloud boat, Yan Qing bumped into a familiar face. Yu Xin.

As before, Yu Xin's thin eyes and thin lips cut a harsh, ruthless appearance. He had changed into a set of simple black robes and stood guard with his sword on the side. When he saw them board, he deferentially greeted them. "Alliance Leader, Qianbei."

Yan Qing said curiously, "Given your getup, are you also participating in the Qingyun Conference?"

Yu Xin thought to himself, *If a master like me still had the qualifications to participate in the Qingyun Conference, wouldn't I easily take first place?\!* However, Xie Shiyi was present, and he was frightened to death, so he could only awkwardly cast Yan Qing an unpracticed and rather stiff and twisted smile. "Replying to Qianbei, this subordinate is already five hundred years old and is unable to participate in the Qingyun Conference. This time, I will be accompanying you to Fuhua Sect to protect you."

Yan Qing was flabbergasted. "To protect me?"

Yu Xin nodded. "En."

Yan Qing was quite shocked. He turned his head to ask Xie Shiyi, "Why do you need to specially ask Yu Xin to protect me? Didn't you say you wanted me by your side at all times?\!"

Xie Shiyi lowered his gaze to look at him and lightly scoffed, his tone icy. "Oh, you surprisingly remembered what I said before? How unexpected, I always thought you went deaf whenever I spoke."

Yan Qing: "..." Although he had completely broken each of the three rules that Xie Shiyi had set, these words still made Yan Qing gnash his teeth. *Why didn't I poison you mute in my past life?\!*

As the cloud boat took off, the two followed each other into a room. After confirming that there were no others present, Yan Qing gloomily opened his mouth. "Xie Yaoyao, did you do it on purpose?"

The room was designed quite ingeniously, with carved beams and painted rafters. A table and chairs were arranged next to the window, and a single plum blossom branch rested in a white jade porcelain vase. Xie Shiyi walked towards the table and opened the window with his slender, jade-like fingers. In an instant, the sea of clouds and the rosy light of dawn poured in from outside.

His cold, pale profile was also cast in a warm glow as he calmly said,  "Do what on purpose?"

Yan Qing carried Budezhi and sat across from him, thoroughly criticizing, "You called me little Shidi on purpose, and you made me ride the same boat as you on purpose. Are you doing this to get revenge for what happened yesterday?\!" Yan Qing slapped the table at once and said with severe righteousness. "Immortal Venerable, I've been wronged. I was swindled by that good-for-nothing bookseller. I had no clue that this kind of plotline was written inside. If I had known that he would dare tarnish your reputation like this, I absolutely would have fought that bookseller on the spot."

The best way to eliminate awkwardness was to make things clear, get right to the point, and shift the blame onto someone else.

Xie Shiyi sat down, his fingers arranging a few of the blossoms on the branch that were in disarray. He looked up after hearing what was said and slowly explained, word by word, "I'm not trying to get revenge. I'm sharing a boat with you because yesterday I didn't return to Yuqing Peak and forgot to examine your dantian; since you've joined Yanfan Peak, according to seniority in the sect, you should call me Shixiong. If I don't call you Shidi, then what should I call you?"

Yan Qing said, "You can just directly call me by my name."

Xie Shiyi replied, "I would be calling Yan Qing, not Yan Qing[^1]."

Yan Qing paused. True, at the time, Hengbai and Tianshu were both looking, and it indeed wouldn't be convenient if he called him by his real name. Xie Shiyi would never call him "Yan Qing."

Yan Qing: "...Oh."

After Xie Shiyi finished speaking, he simply looked at him, and a sliver of leisurely mirth surfaced in his pitch-black pupils. Amidst the jade vase, plum blossoms, and the radiant hues of the setting sun, it was like the melting of ice and snow, astoundingly beautiful. However, when Yan Qing saw his expression, he already wanted to slap a hand over his mouth—according to his understanding of Xie Shiyi, he definitely wasn't about to say anything good at this moment.

Just as expected, Xie Shiyi casually said, "I answered your question, now it's your turn. Yan Qing, did you finish reading the novel?"

Yan Qing's scalp went numb. He sat bolt upright, knit his brows, and said in a deep voice, "Yaoyao, I've found that the Nascent Soul formed by shattering your core and recultivating is indeed different. There seems to be something wrong with my dantian\!"

Xie Shiyi lifted his gaze and silently looked at him without saying much.

"Hand."

Yan Qing obediently reached his hand onto the table.

A thread of spiritual energy condensed at Xie Shiyi's fingertips and landed on Yan Qing's wrist. The pure, ice-blue spiritual energy followed Yan Qing's spiritual veins and headed toward his dantian. Xie Shiyi's eyelashes drooped downward, and his expression was serious.

This actually made Yan Qing feel a bit embarrassed…there was really nothing wrong with his dantian. He merely wanted to change the topic.

Thus, as Xie Shiyi explored his meridians for him, he opened his mouth to say, "Yaoyao, what will the process for the Qingyun Conference be?"

Xie Shiyi replied, "Drawing lots and competing."

Yan Qing blinked. "Oh. Then, did you run into any particularly thorny opponents back then?"

Xie Shiyi lifted his gaze and sneered, "At the time, I was at the apex of Great Ascension."

Yan Qing: "..." *My bad, sorry a noob like me offended you.*

*However, Xie Shiyi, do you even know how to chat? You're really just going to kill the conversation with every sentence?*

Yan Qing forced a smile and refused to admit defeat. He insisted on finding a topic that they could chat about in order to forget about the contents of that novel.

He stared at Xie Shiyi's face, and a flash of inspiration struck. He asked on a sudden whim. "Yaoyao, has anyone praised your good looks?"

Xie Shiyi: "..."

Xie Shiyi gave him a strange look and indifferently replied, "Yes, many people have praised my good looks."

He even changed "any" to "many." Yan Qing clicked his tongue and reprimanded him, "Xie Shiyi, this doesn't fit your character design. According to your personality as a prestigious noble, towards these kinds of tacky questions about appearance, you should expressionlessly shoot me a glance and then coldly respond with, 'Boring.'"

Xie Shiyi mildly said, "I don't think this kind of question is boring."

Yan Qing: "?"

Xie Shiyi said, "So, I was very curious at the time. I wondered what a person who dared to claim that their appearance would cause me to be 'awestruck' would look like."

Yan Qing: "..."

He was just wondering why Xie Shiyi would put up with this kind of question. Turns out he was waiting to trap him like this.

Yan Qing laughed with a "Haha."

However, he couldn't swallow his pride when challenged by Xie Shiyi like this.

Yan Qing simply propped his other hand on the table, resting his chin on his palm, and slowly smiled at Xie Shiyi.

The soul thread trailed elegantly to the ground.

His wrist was slender and pale, his skin satiny, his peach blossom eyes carrying a flirtatious air. His inky black hair fell around him, and his thin lips were hooked in a half-smile. As if he had returned to being Shifang City's distinguished and confident Young City Lord, unbridled, he enticingly spoke in a low voice, "Then, Immortal Venerable, are you awestruck?"

Xie Shiyi lowered his eyes, his gaze unclear. His fingertips that were pressed against Yan Qing's wrist stiffened slightly.

Yan Qing rolled his eyes and thought of something, immediately relaxing his arranged posture. With a bantering tone, he smiled and lazily said, "I think you're definitely awestruck." The more Yan Qing thought about it, the more sense it made, and he sneered, "No wonder I didn't see a single mirror on your Yuqing Peak. Tch, Immortal Venerable, after seeing me, did you really develop such low self-esteem that you don't even dare to look in the mirror? No way, no way."

Xie Shiyi: "..."

His frenzied feelings cooled in an instant.

Xie Shiyi softly and slowly said, "There's nothing wrong with your dantian. If anything's wrong, it should be with your brain."

Yan Qing smiled insincerely. "Haha, getting angry out of shame?"

Xie Shiyi mildly asked in turn, "Shouldn't the one getting angry out of shame be you?"

Yan Qing: "What do I have to be ashamed about."

Xie Shiyi hooked his lips in a smile. With the utmost naturalness, he lifted the right hand that was feeding Yan Qing spiritual energy, as if he were merely changing positions, revealing the birthmark underneath his snow-white sleeves that was fantasized about in countless novels from the mortal realm.

His wrist wasn't necessarily thin, but was like a bamboo stalk in the snow, exquisitely beautiful. That mole was also the only mole on Xie Shiyi's entire body. Its color was faint, and when enveloped in the shadow of his sleeve, it contrasted with his naturally ascetic and noble demeanor, truly like a hidden, suggestive invitation.

Xie Shiyi softly said, "Yan Qing, what you said that night was exactly right. The most unique, exceptional treasures really are hidden in plain sight within the bustling city." He smiled, his tone carrying hidden implications. "Sure enough, I was very pleasantly surprised."

Yan Qing: "..."

Xie Shiyi's expression was calm as he repeated the question from the beginning once again. "Did you finish reading the novel?"

Yan Qing tried to divert the conversation. "I thought you didn't like asking the same question twice?"

Xie Shiyi replied, "Alright, then I'll ask it thrice. Did you finish it?"

Yan Qing: "..."

Yan Qing: "I finished it."

Xie Shiyi: "How did you feel after substituting me into it?"

Yan Qing's scalp went numb. But, suddenly, a brilliant idea struck him. He immediately went on the offensive, saying with shock, "How did I feel? Xie Shiyi, you can't be thinking that I have any desires toward you, right? That's impossible\!"

Xie Shiyi silently looked at him before icily saying, "Oh."

Yan Qing wasn't sure why, but just from this single "oh" from him, he seemed to hear a hint of cold disappointment. *What kind of fucking delusion is this?* He almost burst out laughing, but collected himself and said profoundly, "Yaoyao, although many people have praised your good looks, and it would be natural for them to have desires toward you, I'm not just anyone."

Xie Shiyi interrupted him, "Nobody would dare to have desires toward me."

Yan Qing: "...En?"

Xie Shiyi mildly said, "These kinds of novels will cease to exist from now on."

Yan Qing: "..." According to Xie Shiyi's power and status in the Upper Heaven, he indeed could exterminate these kinds of things quite quickly and easily.

Shit, it seems that he accidentally destroyed the livelihood of that little book peddler.

Yan Qing off-handedly said, "Do you really need to be so strict?"

Xie Shiyi raised his brows. "What, do you like reading them?"

Yan Qing choked and couldn't utter a response. *Like hell I like them.*

Xie Shiyi teased, "If you like reading them, then write them yourself. Don't worry, I absolutely won't let anyone touch anything you write."

Yan Qing: "..."

Xie Shiyi got up and headed out, his eyes carrying a smile that wasn't quite a smile. He left with a cold sentence, "Oh, and after you're done, I can even help you point out any parts that are inaccurate."

What is this called, the real, actual person teaching him how to write smut fanfiction?

Yan Qing pounded the table in fury\!

*TN: sowwy for late update, got super addicted to umamusume...*

[^1]:  The last name of the character Yan Qing transmigrated into is a different Yan, with a different tone (燕 vs. 言)
