---
title: "Chapter 45: Shuangsheng (1)"
created_at: "2025-09-19 12:55:24 -0400"
---
# Chapter 45: Shuangsheng[^1] (1)

When Xie Shiyi walked out of the room, Yu Xin had already been waiting outside for a long time.

"Alliance Leader."

Xie Shiyi looked down, and from his sleeves, the clear blue sword intent of the Buhui Sword transformed into a thin array, enveloping the room. According to his understanding of Yan Qing, right now, Yan Qing would either be angrily fussing with the plum blossoms or instead simply choosing to take a nap.

Xie Shiyi silently stood in front of the room for a moment before turning to leave, entering a separate room.

The instant he walked inside, a flock of hummingbirds flew down from the eaves, their colors brilliant and dazzling to the eyes. Their long and slender tail feathers actually were suffused with a frosty light, frigid and sharp. They whirled around Xie Shiyi, lowly cawing, not daring to approach him in the slightest.

Xie Shiyi sat beside the table, his snow-white robes pooling around him and his ink-black hair cascading like a waterfall.

Yu Xin stood a few paces away from him and deferentially said, "Alliance Leader, Qin Changxi has not yet left Nanze Province. These past hundred years, the Qin Family has secretly been colluding with Fuhua Sect, and their motives are unfathomably treacherous. I suspect that the Qin Family and Fuhua Sect might interfere with the upcoming Qingyun Conference from within."

Xie Shiyi mildly responded with an "Oh," before raising his gaze and serenely asking, "Have you all finished investigating the six people I asked you to kill last time?"

Yu Xin's expression instantly cooled, and he gravely replied, "We've finished investigating."

"The two brothers from the Yin Family, Yin Xian and Yin Guan, are both active in the mortal realm. Under their command, many countries in the mortal realm have secretly established prisons. After demonseeds awaken, they're handed over to the authorities for arrest, locked in these prisons, and wait for the Qin Family to descend from the Upper Heaven to collect them."

A hummingbird landed on Xie Shiyi's fingertips. He dropped his gaze, his countenance cold. "Continue."

Yu Xin said, "As for Qin Changfeng, Qin Changtian, Xiao Luoya, and Xiao Chengxue, these four people, they're still operating in Zijin Continent for now, and haven't extended their reach to Nanze Province yet."

"The two brothers from the Xiao Family are responsible for searching for and capturing demonseeds in Zijin Continent. The two brothers from the Qin Family have connections with each and every large auction hall and black market."

Yu Xin thought for a moment and then added, "When this subordinate was hunting that demonseed last time, after it escaped from Zijin Continent and was caught at an impasse, its first move was to go to an auction hall as well."

Xie Shiyi asked, "Have you investigated that auction hall?"

Yu Xin froze. "No…after this subordinate entered, someone else followed me inside. When he emerged, the underground section of the auction hall collapsed."

Xie Shiyi was silent. With a hook of his long and slender, cool and pale finger, all of the hummingbirds filling the room instantly shattered into fine powder, fizzling like falling stars.

Although at the time, when he was coming over from Yuqing Peak, his attention was focused on Yan Qing, that didn't mean he was unaware of his surroundings. In fact, even though he merely perfunctorily scanned the scene, Xie Shiyi's heart was as clear as a mirror about what had happened.

The incomplete Great Possession Formation, the burn marks by the cage left by the raging inferno.

Jing Ruchen's terrified face, and, moreover, the Shuangsheng mirror she clutched in her hand.

Xie Shiyi said, "Bring me the list of names of the disciples from each sect participating in the Qingyun Conference."

Yu Xin gave a start, before respectfully saying, "Understood."

Actually, Yu Xin seldom had direct contact with Xie Shiyi like this.

This young Master of Xiaoyu Palace had long occupied a lofty status, and his thoughts were deeply unfathomable. As for why he was personally selected by the Alliance Leader to follow along, he didn't know either. However, after thinking about it, he knew it was mostly because of Yan Qing. Regarding the orders left behind by Xie Shiyi, he would only fastidiously execute them. He absolutely didn't dare to question why.

Yu Xin had secretly watched the meetings of the Nine Sects at Xiaoyu Peak many times. Ravenous wolves, tigers, and leopards filled every seat, glints of knives and shadows of swords hidden beneath their smiles and pleasantries, killing intent filling every corner of the room. However, the price required to receive an answer from the Alliance Leader was far more than spilled blood.

\*

Liuguang Sect.

Many days had passed since the funeral, and the Sect Master's wife had also finally started to emerge from the depths of her sorrow.

The moon passed over the western window. She sat before the bed, wearing an expression of concern as she gently held Yin Wuwang's hand. "Wuwang, are you really going to participate in the Qingyun Conference?"

Yin Wuwang leaned against the bed, his face still bearing the paleness of one who had only just begun to recover from a great illness. He had barely opened his mouth, preparing to reply, before he turned his head to the side and started coughing heavily, the red diamond mark between his brows growing more and more vivid. At the same time, the hatred in his eyes grew more and more prominent. Gripping the hand of the Sect Master's wife with strength, he lifted his head and gritted, word by word, "En, mother, I will definitely participate in the Qingyun Conference."

The Sect Master's wife's eyes filled with hot tears. "But your body's condition currently…"

Yin Wuwang panted heavily. As he saw the white hairs near her forehead that had recently grown, his heart hurt even more, and he rasped, "My body is currently fine. Mother, now that Da-ge and Er-ge[^2] are dead, you only have me. I can't become a burden for you."

Liuguang Sect's Sect Master had taken countless concubines, and his children were also innumerable. Each one was blessed with exceptional talent and outstanding aptitude. Ever since Yin Wuwang was a child, he had always been ridiculed and mocked at family dinners because of his cultivation. The gazes of those boys and girls were like knives, shredding his soul into something wholly unrecognizable.

Even the entire Upper Heaven treated him like a joke.

Over the years, shame and resentment built up and hid away in his heart, slowly pushing his personality to the extreme. Now, even just hearing the word "genius" would cause his body to tremble from head to toe, and his hands and feet to go completely stiff.

Once, he had two elder brothers above him, so he could remain a youth free from worries and anxieties. However, now his brothers were dead, and he couldn't continue being under his mother's protection. He couldn't let the bullying from those overbearing concubines reach his mother.

The Sect Master's wife wore white flowers in her hair. With eyes full of hot tears, she shook her head and softly said, "Wuwang, don't worry, your mother won't ask for anything now. Whatever they want to say, let them say it. Right now, your mother only wants you to be safe and sound."

Yin Wuwang gave a dazed smile. A look of near insanity surfaced in his eyes. "No, mother, I don't want to be safe and sound."

Blood seeped through his teeth. "Mother, what will I get from living my whole life safe and sound?\!"

"You're going to let them say whatever they want? No, I want them all to shut their mouths\! Mother, do you know how they talk about me in the Upper Heaven?"

"They call me trash, straw bag, they say my cultivation is from consuming elixirs, they say I'm worse than a dog\! Every single person looks down on me\!"

As the Sect Master's wife heard his words, her heart hurt so much that hot tears fell in heavy drops, and she could no longer say a word.

After he finished speaking, Yin Wuwang panted heavily, his expression fierce.

Back in Huichun Sect, the intent from Xie Ying's Buhui Sword that landed between his brows finally brought the hatred and madness he had accumulated for many years to a peak.

—He couldn't even protect his own life.

Yin Wuwang had never seen Xie Ying before, but he had heard that name countless times.

Like clouds and mud, like light and shadow.

Xie Ying was his polar opposite in life.

When he was scorned by everyone in the Upper Heaven because of his lack of aptitude. Xie Ying used his genius to shake the world.

When he attended immortal banquets and was jeered at by those proud sons of heaven, so much so that he couldn't even lift his head.

Xie Ying was standing in a position so lofty that others could only look up to him.

Even his father, who treated him so coldly, disregardfully, contemptuously, was scared witless by the prospect of merely setting foot in Xiaoyu Palace.

Perhaps it had long ceased to be mere envy.

It was hatred.

It wasn't just hatred for Xie Ying, it was even more so hatred for this cultivation realm that used talent to judge people\! It was hatred for those people's ugly, evil gazes, hatred for the pity from those people above\! It was hatred for those so-called geniuses\!

He didn't want pity. He wanted to trample everyone beneath his feet.

He wanted to stand in Xie Ying's position\!

"Mother, I'm fine." Yin Wuwang raised a hand to wipe the blood near his mouth, his eyes revealing a sliver of twisted cruelty. His eyes were exceedingly similar to those of the Sect Master of Liuguang Sect, pupils like a hawk's, keen and imposing.

Yin Wuwang softly said, "Mother, before, when you sent me to Huichun Sect, I really did find that secret realm, and I also received some opportunities and enlightenment. I've already formed my Nascent Soul now. My aptitude is also wholly different from before."

The Sect Master's wife froze in shock before tearing up in overwhelming joy. She grabbed her son's hand and said, "Really, Wuwang? That's amazing." The corners of her eyes reddened, and feelings of tenderness and heartache for this youth welled up within her. She hugged him tightly and couldn't stop herself from sobbing, "Wuwang, your mother truly never imagined that you've been living like this all these years. Who?\! Who exactly was talking about you?\! Your mother will cut off their tongues and pickle them for you to drink\!"

He didn't enter the secret realm at all.

He didn't receive any opportunities.

Yin Wuwang lied.

But he slowly embraced his mother's back, swallowing the blood caught in his throat. He whispered, "It's alright, mother. These kinds of things won't happen again in the future."

Yin Wuwang closed his eyes. He thought of the day he returned to the sect. His father, anxious to deal with the matter of Huichun Sect, had grabbed his mother and left in a furious huff. Peach blossoms fell like snow, like fluttering shreds of white paper. That silver-masked, red-robed Third Young Master from the Qin Family, and the gaze full of smiles that fell upon his body.

The Third Young Master of the Qin Family's voice was drawn out and carried a hint of astonishment. "You're Yin Wuwang?"

Yin Wuwang sprawled on the snowy ground, his forehead turning blue and sweating due to the Buhui Sword's intent. However, the moment he heard this voice, overwhelming hatred still flooded every cell of his body\!

Wind and snow whipped past him as that slanderous gossip sounded near his ear yet again.

"If you ask me, the most useless trash in the Upper Heaven must be Liuguang Sect's Young Sect Master…"

"Yin Wuwang is still at the Golden Core stage right now? How strange. According to Liuguang Sect's status, with all the elixirs and pills at his disposal, even dogs would be able to form a Nascent Soul."

"Hahaha, looks like this Yin Wuwang is worse than a dog." "I heard that Sect Master Yin didn't even bother acknowledging this child of his. 'Young Sect Master' is just a fake title that his mother cried and begged for because she was scared he would get bullied."

"What was the Sect Master's wife thinking? The Golden Core stage Young Sect Master of Liuguang Sect—isn't that even more laughable?

"Hahaha."

He looked at Qin Changxi from the snow. The future Family Head of the Qin Family also wasn't a genius, being in the initial stages of Void Refinement at three hundred years of age. Yin Wuwang, Yin Wuwang. Hearing his name spoken from the mouths of these geniuses, it sounded like a joke.

Qin Changxi looked at him, engrossed. He smiled and said, "Yin Wuwang, do you want revenge?" After he finished speaking, he shook his folding fan and gave a light laugh. "Oh, forget it. Relying on yourself alone, I'm afraid you won't be able to take revenge on Xie Ying even if you die trying. Let me change the question. Yin Wuwang, do you want to become strong?"

Yin Wuwang supported himself on the snow, his lips trembling, unspeaking.

Chengying had also been called away by his father, leaving him alone.

Right now, he really was like a dog, pitiful and pathetic. Qin Changxi's steps led him forward, treading over the snowy ground. He squatted down, and the lip corners under his silver mask gradually raised. His voice was soft and slow, and he utterly didn't even bother concealing his haughty attitude.

"Yin Wuwang, I have a way to make you strong. In return, how about you agree to do something for me?"

Yin Wuwang said nothing, but the head he lifted with great effort revealed a deep thirst. His fingers spasmed in the snow, and the only thought in his mind was, *Become strong*.

Qin Changxi, upon seeing his expression, smiled as if it came as no surprise, and retrieved a small bottle from within his sleeve.

He said, "Drink this, and you can become a genius."

With almost no hesitation, Yin Wuwang tremblingly seized that bottle from Qin Changxi's hands. After opening it, he found that inside was a ball of something that reeked. It seemed as if it were still alive, slowly contorting and shrieking. By some strange power, it condensed into the form of a pill, resembling a snake chrysalis[^3].

He was completely unconcerned that Qin Changxi would harm him. He steeled himself from retching and swallowed that pill.

Qin Changxi stood in the snow, smiling as he watched the whole thing. Only after did he leisurely say, "Yin Wuwang, I heard that the Dao companion that Xie Ying brought back to his sect was once infatuated with you?"

[^1]:  双生, twins

[^2]:  Eldest and second eldest brother

[^3]:  This is like not a thing lmao
