# Chapter 46: Shuangsheng (2)

Yan Qing was enraged. After plucking the plum blossom on the table bare, he chose to shut his eyes and take a nap.

By the time he awoke, the cloud boat had already arrived at Fuhua Sect's mountain gate.

As one of the Nine Great Sects, Fuhua Sect was naturally imbued with the dense aura of immortals and the air of a beautiful place where talent was born. Countless wonders of nature were concealed within its magnificent peaks. While it lacked the nine thousand nine hundred steps of Wangqing Sect, before the gate, there was instead a lake called "Lake Jing[^1]." 

Lake Jing was as translucent as blue jade, and its surface was vast. Looking down at oneself from the cloud boat, it truly resembled a mirror polished to perfection. A magnificent liuli bridge was floated above the ripples on the lake's surface, connecting the two shores.

Tianshu, Hengbai, and the others were all lined up before Lake Jing and crossed the bridge one after the other, according to the order in which they arrived. However, each of the leading Great Elders from the Nine Great Sects was not obstructed in the slightest as their cloud boats flew straight to Fuhua Sect's main peak, Xuanji Peak. Jing Ruyu would be welcoming each Void Refinement stage cultivator at Xuanji Palace, and this was probably the only time she would show her face during the Qingyun Conference.

Yan Qing perched next to the window. When he saw that Ming Ze and the other disciples had already exited their boats, he immediately ran to shout at Xie Shiyi that he wanted to exit the flying boat too.

"Xie Shiyi, let me down, I want to go down\!"

Xie Shiyi sat by a table and raised his gaze to look at him. The first thing he noticed was that the corners of Yan Qing's eyes were slightly reddened from his nap. Without batting an eye, he averted his sight and said, "What are you going down for?"

Yan Qing lifted up Budezhi, who was currently snoring on top of its pile of spirit stones, and drawled, "I need to go down and familiarize myself with the competition, duh. Know yourself, know your enemy, and in a hundred battles, you will never know defeat[^2]. I can't be sticking around you every day if I'm going to participate in the Qingyun Conference, right?"

In his heart, he silently added, *If I quarrel with you every day, won't I be angered to death?*

Xie Shiyi silently gazed at him for a while.

According to Xie Shiyi's impression of the Qingyun Conference, he really didn't there was much need to "know yourself, know your enemy." However, he usually wouldn't decline a request from Yan Qing.

The bonds between them originated from childhood. Since they had met each other so early on, they were exceedingly familiar. In his interactions with Yan Qing, Xie Shiyi would never assume the role of the overlord that he had long grown accustomed to, seeking to control all.

No matter what Yan Qing did, although he might offer his opinion, if he couldn't prevent it, then he wouldn't try to.

He raised his hand and made the flying boat come to a stop.

"Go down yourself."

Before he left, Yan Qing had to add a final comment, "Yaoyao, don't you have anything you want to say to me?"

Xie Shiyi: "En?"

Yan Qing hugged Budezhi and hooked his lips in a smile, mischievously saying, "Such as, first, don't cause trouble; second, don't run around; third, don't go around bragging that I'm your old acquaintance?"

Xie Shiy: "..."

Xie Shiyi tranquilly and coolly replied with a question. "Is it necessary for me to repeat pointless words?"

Yan Qing gave a "Tsk" and headed out, stringing Budezhi along.

Budezhi covered its eyes, still heavy with sleep, with a wing, and muttered, "What are you doing, what are you doing?\!"

Yan Qing said, "We're going to make some good friends\!"

Yu Xin watched as Yan Qing left with a plum blossom wooden sword and a dark, swarthy bird in tow. He asked Xie Shiyi, nearly scared witless, "Alliance Leader, do I need to go down as well?"

Xie Shiyi's distant and frigid gaze shot over, and he calmly asked, "What are you going down as well for?"

Yu Xin seriously and gravely said, "Qianbei's cultivation level is low, and I'm afraid that he might run into some difficult situations in Fuhua Sect, or perhaps he might run into some difficult people. He also didn't bring many spirit stones or protective talismans with him. This subordinate is worried, what if something happens?"

He diligently racked his brains and mustered up the last drop of warmth and consideration in his body, all in order to give the Alliance Leader a good impression\!

In order to really get into character, he even imagined himself as Yan Qing's father.

Who could've imagined that after their Alliance Leader heard this, he gave a soft, ambiguous laugh.

His words were direct and carried a strong tone of ridicule. Xie Shiyi asked with interest, "Are you his dad?"

His words were as bitingly chilling as the water beneath an icy pool.

Yu Xin: "..."

Cold sweat poured from Yu Xin's forehead as he kneeled down with a thud. "This subordinate deserves death, this subordinate overstepped\!" 

Help. How come he never knew before that the Alliance Leader's personality was so cruel? That his words could be so surprisingly cutting??

Even if people around the world may not recognize Xie Shiyi, they had all heard his name before. The Chief Disciple of Wangqing Sect, a proud son of heaven, pure as a cool breeze and clear moon. This kind of person likely ought to embody the windy, everlasting snow atop Xiaoyu Palace, born arrogant, with the utmost cold and aloof personality, untouched by the secular world.

While this might have certainly been true in the past.

However, after that youth with the blood jade bead showed up, many things seemed to have changed behind the scenes.

Xie Shiyi dropped his gaze, and from Yu Xin's expression, he could roughly guess what he was thinking. He looked down at the list of names in his hand of the disciples participating in the Qingyun Conference, and lightly released the sheet of paper, letting it float down. He mildly instructed, "Keep an eye out for people from Liugang Sect's Yin Family."

Yu Xin froze. "Understood."

After Yan Qing came down, he very responsibly walked toward Ming Ze.

Before the liuli bridge stood two female disciples from Fuhua Sect, donned in blue skirts with white feathers, extraordinarily beautiful. They coyly gave a sweet smile and said, "Lake Jing is sacred to our sect. Before the sacred lake, I ask all immortals to please be patient, do not make a commotion, and proceed forward one by one. After crossing the shore, my fellow disciples will be present to guide you to receive your number."

Wangqing Sect was ordered based on peak, with inner peaks toward the front and outer peaks toward the back. However, just as Yan Qing approached, he was instantly spotted by the hawk-eyed Hengbai at the helm of the group.

Hengbai was concerned that he would cause humiliation in front of the Nine Great Sects, and he directly waved him over. "Yan Qing, get over here."

Yan Qing hugged Budezhi and walked over, brimming with enthusiasm. "Long time no see, Elder Hengbai, going a day without seeing you feels like three autumns\!"

Hengbai was vexed beyond belief. "What three autumns. You'd better stand up front for me, don't run around."

Yan Qing: "Oh."

Tianshu was all smiles as he explained to them, "Shortly after crossing Lake Jing, you guys should be drawing lots. Those who draw the same number will be each other's opponents in the first round of the competition."

Ming Ze was dreadfully anxious, and he asked in a small voice, "Elder, shouldn't the Qingyun Conference first divvy people up based on cultivation level? If two cultivators at the apex of Nascent Soul stage end up facing off against each other in the first round, one of them has to fall. Wouldn't they be unable to receive any rank whatsoever then? Isn't that just too unfortunate?"

Tianshu replied, "And that's why people say luck is also essential for the Qingyun Conference."

Ming Ze's face paled, and he grew even more anxious. "...Elder, what if I'm eliminated in the first round?"

Hengbai heard this and rolled his eyes. "Don't listen to Tianshu's rubbish. No matter how good your luck is in the beginning, at the end, when the Qingyun Rankings are decided and the top hundred contestants are ranked, anyone has the right to challenge someone on the rankings. If you win, their ranking will be given to you."

Tianshu laughed and caressed his beard, comforting Ming Ze, "Elder Hengbai is exactly right. Don't worry if you're eliminated in the first round. As long as your cultivation is sufficient, the Qingyun Rankings won't wrong the strong."

Ming Ze: "..." He was just tagging along to buff up their numbers. Forget about discussing "the strong."

Ming Ze turned his head in distress, only to discover that the rest of the inner peak disciples on the scene wore composed expressions. He was the only new person who had no idea what was going on. Oh, Yan Qing was also new to this, like him.

However, Yan Qing was hugging that bird of his and looking around at all the disciples from the different sects with keen interest. It was like he had traveled to Fuhua Sect just to play.

If he noticed this, then Hengbai naturally would have noticed it as well.

Hengbai just couldn't stand this attitude of Yan Qing's.

"Did you hear what I just said?"

Yan Qing replied, "I heard it, I heard it."

Hengbai was absolutely livid. "After hearing the rules, you don't have any thoughts?"

Yan Qing was in the middle of looking for people from Hehuan Sect, which he was quite interested in, among the crowd. When he heard this, he didn't pretend to think deeply about it and just said the first thought that came to mind. "Yup. Since ranks can be taken and replaced, if I just go and challenge the first-ranked person on the previous Qingyun Rankings right now and win, does that mean I don't even need to participate in the Qingyun Conference?"

Hengbai: "..."

Tianshu: "..."

All the disciples: "..."

What a great thought.

They've never heard anything more preposterous, more ridiculous than this bullshit.

*Don't you know who the first-ranked person on the previous Qingyun Rankings is?*

Hengbai erupted with fury on the spot. "Go ahead\! Xie-Shixiong should be at Xuanji Palace right now\! I can lend you my sword\! Go right ahead\!"

Yan Qing stifled his laughter. "Elder Hengbai, can you not be so excited before Fuhua Sect's sacred lake? There's no need to make such an ugly face."

The ugly-faced Hengbai simply wanted to kick Yan Qing into the sacred lake.

Although the number of contestants was very high, the liuli bridge was very long. Fuhua Sect operated in a dignified and orderly manner, and in a flash, it was Yan Qing's turn. At the very front of the liuli bridge, he spotted a familiar face: Sun Junhao. Sun Junhao's cultivation was in the late-stage of Nascent Soul, and he should be under three hundred years old, so he should be a contestant this time.

And the person in charge of overseeing the drawing of lots…what a coincidence, he was precisely that Great Elder from the Sun Family, Elder Cangqing.

Well, this is a real meeting of enemies.

Hengbai, unaware of the grudges between them, gave Yan Qing an extremely strange look and urged him, "What are you standing around for? Go up and draw your lot."

Yan Qing reacted slowly. "Ah."

Before Lake Jing, Cangqing's robes fluttered about him, his expression stern. When his gaze fell upon Yan Qing, he noticeably stiffened for a second. However, he quickly pretended not to mind and had the disciple beside him step forward and offer a drawing tube.

The disciple said, "Please."

Yan Qing reached his hand out and randomly chose a number.

He opened it to take a look.

Hah, four hundred and forty-four.

At this moment, a neighboring person suddenly announced in a slow voice, "Four hundred and forty-four?" The announcer ruthlessly laughed, "Yin Bai-Xiong, what a lucky number[^3]."

Yan Qing: ?

Yan Qing turned his head back and saw that the neighboring person stood amongst a crowd of Liuguang Sect disciples. The robes of Liuguang Sect were pitch-black, with bright yellow suns, moons, and twinkling stars embroidered on them. The person who had drawn four hundred and forty-four seemed to be an inner member of the Yin Family. Between his brows was the iconic red diamond mark, and his appearance was fierce. His expression was full of loathing and obvious dissatisfaction toward his number.

However, he didn't dare to be impudent before Fuhua Sect's Lake Jing. He could only tuck it into his sleeve and give the person beside him a cold smirk, as if he didn't mind. "For me, it's lucky, but for the other person, it's not so lucky."

The other person also had a red diamond on his forehead. He smiled wryly. "True, Yin Bai-Xiong's cultivation is already at the late stage of Nascent Soul. Whoever encounters you in the first round is truly unfortunate."

The servant girl holding the drawing tube beamed. "I ask that the two immortals please exit after drawing you lots so that the next contestant may step up."

Yin Bai's personality was famous in Liuguang Sect for being vicious and vile. He held his token and turned around. When he saw who the next contestant was, he instantly revealed a sneer harboring nasty intentions. "Oh, Yin Wuwang, it's your turn."

[^1]:  镜, mirror (the same Jing in Jing Ruyu/Ruchen)

[^2]:  Quote by Sun Tzu

[^3]:  He's being sarcastic, 4 is an unlucky number in Chinese culture b/c it sounds like death