---
title: "Chapter 47: Shuangsheng (3)"
created_at: "2025-09-22 00:21:34 -0400"
---
# Chapter 47: Shuangsheng (3)

Yin Wuwang? When he was at Huichun Sect, hadn't he not even formed his Nascent Soul yet?

How come he's participating in the Qingyun Conference?

Yan Qing hugged Budezhi and, from his vantage point before the liuli bridge, cast a curious glance over that way. He saw pale-faced Yin Wuwang step out from the group. The red diamond on his forehead was slightly more vivid than anyone else, as scarlet as spilt blood. He was donned in black robes, his cheekbones and nose bridge were very prominent, and his eyes were dark and glacial. His entire person gave off an enduring, stoic, taciturn aura. Facing Yin Bai's provoking stare, his spine was ramrod straight, and his hands tightly clenched into fists.

Yin Bai was Yin Wuwang's elder brother, having the same father but different mothers. As of today, Yin Guan and Yin Xian were both dead, and there was nobody to oppress him from above. He watched Yin Wuwang, this so-called "Young Sect Master," and found him increasingly displeasing to the eye. The evil in his bones began to stir, and he purposefully raised his voice to say, "Tch, our Young Sect Master has only just formed his Nascent Soul after much difficulty, and he's already rushed to participate in the Qingyun Conference. With such great aspirations, does the Young Sect Master plan to take first place?" He ferociously bit off the three words "Young Sect Master."

Yin Bai's words immediately elicited a laugh full of ridicule from the crowd of Liuguang Sect inner disciples.

However, by the vast sacred lake, they were the only ones laughing.

The other sects either chose to ignore them or spectate with cold eyes. The inner disciples of Wangqing Sect could pretty much all qualify as "geniuses." From the bottom of their hearts, they disdained the sardonic, snobbish likes of Yin Bai even more than they disdained the low-aptitude Yin Wuwang.

Yin Wuwang firmly pursed his lips and clenched his fists so hard his knuckles turned white.

He ignored him and stepped forward.

The eyebrows of the blue-skirted girl holding the drawing tube overflowed with gentleness, and her beam remained unchanged as she said, "Immortal, please."

Yin Wuwang drew a lot from the tube.

One thousand and five.

"Next." The girl with the blue skirt lightly announced.

Yin Wuwang grasped his token and felt its edges and corners cut into his flesh. He didn't even need to raise his head to know what kind of eyes the people around him were looking at him with. The hatred in his heart contorted as he thought, *What a group of sanctimonious hypocrites.*

"Yan Qing, what number are you?" Ming Ze cheerfully ran over to talk to Yan Qing.

Yan Qing was too lazy to say that unlucky number, so he just tossed the token directly to Ming Ze.

When Ming Ze saw that utterly devilish four hundred and forty-four, he fell quiet for a moment before forcing out an awkward laugh. "Ah, p-pretty good."

*Yan Qing?*

As Yin Wuwang was silently walking back, he was stopped in his tracks by that name. His back stiffened, and it was as if someone poured ice-cold water over his brain, and his face drained of all color. At this moment, he desperately wished for a hole to open in the ground so he could crawl into it. *Yan Qing, Yan Qing…*however arrogant, haughty, and conceited he was before Yan Qing in the past, now that was how embarrassed and pathetic he felt being seen by him in this state. It was like a harsh slap to the face.

However, Qin Changxi's words flashed across his brain, and Yin Wuwang still fiercely clasped his token and, amidst the crowd, turned his head back to take a look.

Yan Qing stood facing the water, the liuli bridge and Lake Jing flanking his back. The mountains glowed an aqueous hue, and the sky was clear and boundless. He wore the blue tunic and white outer garments of Wangqing Sect, his inky black hair loose, and he embraced a sinister and malicious-looking bird near his chest. His wrists and nape were as white as jade, a red thread wound around him, and his lips were a vibrant color. Laughing, he tilted his head to say something to the other disciple next to him. After he finished speaking, he turned his head back around, and his line of sight fell upon him.

When he lifted his gaze, his peach blossom eyes were limpid and carried a smile, devoid of any haze.

Yin Wuwang froze, and in an instant, any clamor or ruckus by his ears seemed to disperse completely.

Memories of all the past events from Huichun Sect flooded back into his mind.

Yan Qing, who shamelessly pestered him.

Yan Qing, who was foolishly infatuated with him.

Yan Qing, who dared to steal the Luolin[^1] Flower for him.

Yan Qing, who willingly suffered the hardships of prison for him.

Yan Qing, who risked everything to save him when the cavern collapsed with a rumble.

He knew that Yan Qing liked him, was hopelessly devoted to him. However, at the time, he was overly conceited and looked down on this low-aptitude straw bag from the boonies. He was unwilling to even cast him a glance…now, looking at him seriously, he discovered that Yan Qing was actually extremely attractive.

Yan Qing was currently Xie Ying's fiancé. However, that token was originally stolen by Yan Qing from Bai Xiaoxiao in a fit of pique after he rejected him.

Xie Ying's fiancé…

All the twistedness, resentment, arrogance, and low self-esteem in his heart seemed to finally find an outlet in that instant. Yin Wuwang gave Yan Qing a somewhat stiff smile. His pale face awkwardly squeezed out a sliver of tenderness and goodwill.

Yan Qing blinked and grew curious.

*What's Yin Wuwang up to?*

Yan Qing actually didn't have much of an impression of Yin Wuwang. From *Ardent Phantasm*, he only remembered Xie Shiyi's plotline.

However, if Yin Wuwang was able to encounter the main protagonist at Huichun, then he likely would've had no shortage of scenes later on in the novel. Judging by the current situation, this is probably shaping up to be a very cliché Long Aotian[^2] character design where the underdog has a comeback, right? Tch.

"Yan-Xiong, we're leaving. After getting our tokens, we should head toward Dingyuan Peak now."

Ming Ze started pulling at Yan Qing's sleeve.

"Alright." Yan Qing didn't keep paying attention to Yin Wuwang. He turned to follow Ming Ze and boarded the immortal crane.

Yin Wuwang's gaze never left his back.

On top of the flying crane, Ming Ze couldn't help but ask with curiosity, "Yan-Xiong, did you recognize the Yin Family's Young Sect Master?"

Yan Qing: "En, I recognize him."

Ming Ze considered him a good friend. He tried to restrain himself for a long while but was ultimately unsuccessful, and said in a small voice, "Yan-Xiong, that Young Sect Master doesn't have a good personality. It's probably best if you avoid him."

Yan Qing was surprised. He truly never imagined he would hear the five words "doesn't have a good personality" come from Ming Ze's mouth to describe someone. He immediately smiled with curved eyes. "Yin Wuwang doesn't have a good personality? How so?"

Ming Ze said, "Although Yin Wuwang is the Young Sect Master of Liuguang Sect, his aptitude is dull and his cultivation progress is slow. No matter how many pills or elixirs he used, he was unable to form his Nascent Soul for a long time. There have always been rumors and slander regarding him in the Upper Heaven. Unfortunately, he's the obstinate and bull-headed type that only listens to the bad things. He's unrealistically ambitious, yet also embittered and cynical. After the first time I met him, Shizun told me to steer clear of him in the future."

Yan Qing replied, "So it's like this."

Ming Ze muttered, "If you were to ask me, under the heavens, people with poor aptitude are aplenty. If everyone thought like he did, does that mean the ordinary people of the mortal realm shouldn't be alive?"

Yan Qing laughed and didn't say anything. He didn't really take Yin Wuwang's matters to heart.

The peak where Fuhua Sect arranged their dwellings was called Dingyuan Peak. Gazing into the distance while sitting atop the spiritual crane, the most eye-catching thing was a waterfall suspended at the edge of a precipice. It flowed freely downwards with an immense roar, its spray glistening like pearls under the sunlight.

The blue-skirted girl guiding them in the front was all smiles. "Everyone, please have a good rest. See you tomorrow at Wanxiang[^3] Stage."

Hengbai and Tianshu had business, and randomly assigned their rooms to them before leaving. Ming Ze originally wanted to room with Yan Qing, but it turned out that while all the others were staying in three-person or four-person rooms, only Yan Qing was staying in a room alone.

Ming Ze was utterly baffled. "Why? Is Elder Hengbai targeting you again?"

Yan Qing looked down at Budezhi and stifled a laugh. "Perhaps my bird counts as a person too."

Nighttime.

Although he had told Xie Shiyi "know yourself, know your enemy, and in a hundred battles, you will never know defeat" for show, at night Yan Qing didn't go with others to try and find out anything about his opponent's situation.

He lay alone next to the window, picking at Dingyuan Peak's flower garden.

If he wasn't plucking flowers or poking fun at birds, he was sleeping—this cultivating attitude of his pissed Budezhi off. It pulled at his hair with its wing and grew angry at the mere thought of its spirit stone pile. "Damn it\! You once painted such a rosy picture for this lord. Look at you now\! Weren't you practicing the sword? Go, go, go, go practice the sword."

Yan Qing swiftly raised his hand and snatched it up, and drawled, "If you pull out a single strand of my hair, I'm going to throw you out."

Budezhi's head was filled with thoughts of its spirit stones, and it brandished its wings in admonishment. "Aren't you participating in that whatchamacallit Qingyun Conference tomorrow?\! Why aren't you cultivating right now?\!"

Yan Qing crushed the petals in his hand and gave it a smile, half playful and half serious. "Budezhi, I can't cultivate."

Budezhi: "What?"

Yan Qing's expression was inscrutable as he slowly said, "I can only take first place on the Qingyun Rankings with my cultivation at the early stage of Nascent Soul."

Otherwise, the Yaoguang Qin would become useless to him.

"..."

Budezhi couldn't voice its anger.

Top the Qingyun Rankings at the early stage of Nascent Soul?\! Even it, a mere bird, knew that Yan Qing was dreaming\! However, its red eyes spun, and it thought back to Yan Qing's previous status. It looked left and right, and after confirming there was nobody else around, it curiously said, "What, you're planning on cheating?" Regarding such shady business, Budezhi considered it for a moment, then said with an air of affected dignity, "This lord can indeed help you with this sort of thing from the shadows—how about we tamper with their drinking water?"

Yan Qing replied, "How do you manage to be so foolish and stupid, and also have so many malicious schemes?"

Budezhi was unable to contain its fury and directly tried to take a bite out of Yan Qing's hand. Yan Qing pressed against its teeth and blinked at it, smirking slightly. "Don't move, someone's here."

Budezhi's eyes widened. "Who?"

Yan Qing stood up and walked outside. Dingyuan Peak's waterfall surged turbulently. Underneath the moonlight, he saw a person arrive. It was Yin Wuwang.

Yin Wuwang stood there quietly, like an ancient, eternal shadow.

Yan Qing: "?"

This atmosphere was really too weird.

Yan Qing couldn't believe that Yin Wuwang would actually have the face to come find him. During the day, Yin Bai taunted him, and he exposed such a pathetic side of himself to Yan Qing. According to Yan Qing's understanding of Yin Wuwang's personality, this was definitely a huge humiliation, a great disgrace for him.

It turns out that he didn't view it as a disgrace but, on the contrary, an honor, and he even came to find him to reminisce about the past?

"Yan Qing." Yin Wuwang walked out from the sparse shadows of the apricot flowers, his voice dry and husky as he called out his name.

Yan Qing's lips held a smile, but his eyes looked him up and down, sizing him up. He said nothing.

"Yan Qing, I know you don't want to see me. I know you hate me." Yin Wuwang gave a self-effacing laugh. His hands were clenched, and his eyes were filled with pain as he softly said, "However, this time I only came because I want to tell you information about Yin Bai. He's your opponent tomorrow, and it can't hurt if you know more about him."

"Yin Bai has a vicious temper and specializes in using talismans. Tomorrow, when you encounter him in competition, don't let him stick a talisman on you at all costs."

"However, he's at the late stage of Nascent Soul, and you're currently only at the early stage…"

The gap between the late and early stages of Nascent Soul was like heaven and earth.

Yin Wuwang pursed his lips. "So, there's no way you can beat him. If you sense things taking a turn for the worse tomorrow, you should concede earlier. Yin Bai loves humiliating his opponents, and I can't say how he'll disgrace you."

Yan Qing, holding Budezhi, had absolutely no clue what Yin Wuwang was talking about.

He specializes in using talismans?

What a coincidence, Huai Mingzi also specialized in using talismans, and phantasm resisting techniques originated from the evolution of talismans. He was indeed quite interested in seeing how someone at the late stage of Nascent Soul would use talismans on their body.

The two people were both silent.

Yin Wuwang looked at Yan Qing's alluring countenance under the moonlight, and suddenly, as if possessed by a ghost, opened his mouth to ask, "Yan Qing, did you only snatch away that token to get revenge on me?"

Yan Qing: "?"

Yin Wuwang: "As revenge for me giving the Luolin Flower to Bai Xiaoxiao. As revenge for me trampling on your sincere feelings at the time." After saying this, his emotions surged like a dam breaking. He stepped forward, his gaze growing increasingly complicated, and his tone carrying a hint of bitter agony.

"Yan Qing, you don't truly want to be Xie Shiyi's fiancé, right?"

[^1]:  罗霖, Siftrain

[^2]:  龙傲天, Chinese version of Gary Stu

[^3]:  万象, Everything in nature
