---
title: "Chapter 48: Shuangsheng (4)"
created_at: "2025-09-29 00:28:27 -0400"
---
# Chapter 48: Shuangsheng (4)

Yan Qing: "..."

Even Budezhi, this bat whose head was full of spirit stones and evil schemes, was shocked. It fluttered its wings and struggled in Yan Qing's arms to stretch its head out. When it saw Yin Wuwang, it was like it had seen a ghost. "Oh my god, what is he saying?"

Budezhi's eyes were completely like those of a sweet, naive girl, foolish and dumb.

However, this scene looked different in Yin Wuwang's eyes. The moonlight created an atmosphere of tension and dread as the black bird in Yan Qing's arms cast its gaze toward him. Its appearance was hideous, and it looked sinister to the bone. Its frigid, scarlet eyes were like a cold, bottomless, terrifying abyss.

Yin Wuwang opened his mouth, wanting to say something, but his eyes met that bat's blood-red eyes.

Suddenly, an acute, violent pain erupted in his consciousness. His face drained of color, and his soul felt like it had been spirited away. Yet, the next instant, the pain dissipated completely. It was as if he had only imagined it.

 "...' Yan Qing had never encountered anything this inappropriate in all his two lifetimes. His expression was bizarre, and he remained silent for a while.

Actually, Yan Qing wasn't at all short of people who liked or loved him.

Although his reputation in Shifang City was a complete mess due to Eunuch Qi's "assistance" in his previous life, there were still people who were willing to sell themselves to gain his protection. Pure ones, charming ones, reserved ones, flamboyant ones, any kind, any type, they were all at his disposal. Some were shy and bashful, others were passionate and bold. Some cast seductive glances to entice him, while others used all sorts of clever schemes to trap him.

To speak frankly, from the moment Yin Wuwang approached, Yan Qing had already vaguely guessed why he had come.

So what? This was nothing.

Between the two of them, one was following the script for a son-in-law of an immortal sect, while the other was following the script for a useless trash turned Long Aotian.

They were originally meant to stick to their own lanes.

If they were to get mixed up with each other, wouldn't this turn into a trashy, dog-blooded scumbag x masochist script?

Yan Qing's discomfort evolved into amusement.

Budezhi: "What does he mean? Before, did you really love him to hell and back?" Budezhi clapped its wings and couldn't believe it. "Oh my god, you really had a thing for this person before?\!" It then fell into thought. "Isn't this what they call getting involved with a toxic person, who then turns over a new leaf like a prodigal son?"

Yan Qing put a silencing spell on this master of idioms.

Yan Qing raised his head and looked at Yin Wuwang, smiling slightly.

"What did you just say? I didn't hear it clearly."

\*

Fuhua Sect, Xuanji Peak.

The Sect Master held a banquet at Liuxian Terrace. It was early evening, the lanterns had just been lit, and thousands of flickering liuli lamps hung from every flower and tree. The eye-catching, fluttering robes and sleeves of immortals came and went. Each and every one of the guests was an elder of a sect, and the aura of immortals seeped from their bones, their bearing outstandingly refined.

Hengbai had only been an elder for a scant few years, and this was the first time he had ever witnessed such a clash of titans. He obediently reeled in his ordinary arrogance and followed behind Tianshu like a baby chick.

Typically, the Nine Great Sects would dispatch a Void Refinement Great Elder and two advising elders to help lead the group. However, this time, Xie Shiyi didn’t directly come to Xuanji Peak after arriving at Fuhua Sect. So, it was only the two of them representing Wangqing Sect right now. 

As Wangqing Sect was the foremost of the Nine Great Sects, they were naturally placed in the most attention-grabbing seats, letting them fully experience the scrutinizing stares of others.

Among the first four sects of the Nine Great Sects, Shangyang Sect had a relatively good relationship with Wangqing Sect.

This time, the Great Elder in attendance was a female cultivator. Her cultivation was at the middle stage of Void Refinement, she wore a purple robe, and her half-white, half-grey hair was wound into a slanted topknot. The corner of her eyes carried fine lines, and as she looked at them, she asked in a deep voice, "Only two of you have come this time, Tianshu?"

Tianshu wiped his sweat. "Replying to Huaou Qianbei, no."

Shangyang Sect's Elder Huaou raised a brow. "Who else? How come they haven't shown up yet?"

Sweat poured from Tianshu's temples, and he was at a loss for how to answer. Duwei's status was special, and he didn't know if Duwei would show himself, nor if Duwei wanted others to know of his presence.

Huaou saw that he was silent, and the furrow in her brows deepened.

Next to her sat Liuguang Sect's Great Elder, Elder Fucheng, raised the wine on the table and downed it. He smiled faintly. "You Wangqing Sect people truly have a thick face, even daring to be late to the banquet hosted by Fuhua Sect's Sect Master."

Among the Nine Sects, the grievances between Liuguang Sect, Fuhua Sect, and Wangqing Sect ran deep, and the latter five sects had always chosen to remain spectating wallflowers. As for Liuguang Sect Elder's words, nobody replied. Everyone harbored their own thoughts in their hearts, but wore a smile on their lips instead of voicing them as they drank from their cups of wine.

Fucheng was long used to the attitudes of this group. He turned the cup in his hand, and his keen eyes stared directly at the main seat at the very front of the room. He mocked in a snide tone, "It's almost the time of the Rooster[^1]. I don't know what Sect Master Jing will think if that seat remains empty." Fucheng looked at Tianshu and gave a long, drawn-out smile. "Such arrogance. Tianshu, have you heard of the phrase 'pride comes before the fall'?"

Tianshu was oppressed by his intimidating aura, and his entire body was tense, his whole body tense, and he could only manage to force a smile. Heng Bai, being young and hot-blooded, wanted to say something, but Tian Shu immediately and covertly clamped down hard on his wrist.

Fucheng let the cup in his hand land heavily onto the table, resulting in a piercing thud. He had just wanted to open his mouth.

Huaou couldn't bear to watch this continue any longer and spoke up. "Since Sect Master Jing is the one hosting this banquet, on such a merry occasion, perhaps we should all say a little less."

She was the sole mid-stage Void Refinement cultivator at the gathering, and even Fucheng had to show her some respect. He scoffed coldly and didn't continue speaking.

Hengbai didn't dare to be impudent in front of a crowd of Void Refinement Elders, and he could only anxiously direct his gaze outside the terrace. As he watched the rolling mountains and hills under the moonlight and lantern glow, his fingers clenched. Xie Shiyi…would he come?

The brilliance of the moonlight and lantern glow couldn't reach Fuhua Sect's Yasha[^2] Peak.

This peak's name was "Yasha," and it was naturally shrouded in the shadows of the neighboring mountain range year-round. At night, it would appear even more gloomy. The area was remote, and one must first pass through the main peak, Xuanji Peak, in order to reach it. Normally, disciples wouldn't dare set foot on it, and thus, year after year, Yasha Peak was silent, desolate, and overgrown with weeds.

Yasha Peak had an enormous medicine store, and a meadow of Liangsheng[^3] flowers bloomed where the moonlight was most radiant.

Jing Ruchen was originally sitting atop a black stone reading a book, but she was startled by the slight sound of footsteps. Shocked, she looked up to see that someone had stepped over the pure white as snow Liangsheng flowers, and was walking over towards her.

Jing Ruchen was afraid, and she curled in on herself, saying in a frightened tone, "Who are you? How did you get in here?"

Yu Xin thought to himself, *We walked in, obviously. You think your protective array here can stop our Alliance Leader?* But he could only keep his ridicule in his heart. He cocked a brow, his smile a bit cutting, a bit wicked, as he said, "Shhh, don't be scared, young lady, I won't hurt you."

"I just want to borrow something from you?" A dagger appeared in his hand, and his eyes were cold as he lunged without hesitation towards Jing Ruchen's forehead.

"Fei Yu, save me\!"

—*Fei Yu, save me.*

"Stop\!"

The boundless sea of Liangsheng flowers was separated by a water screen.

He could see Jing Ruchen, but Jing Ruchen couldn't see him.

"Hear me out\!"

Fei Yu's eyes were so red they looked as if they were dripping blood. His voice trembled, and he knelt on the ground, covering his chest. He panted deeply, and his voice was hoarse. "Hear me out. Let her go, let her go."

He gave a helpless, distressed laugh, then abruptly shouted, "She's already handicapped right now\! What more do you people want? What will it take for you to let her go?\!"

The more reserved a person was, the more wild they would become when provoked. At this moment, all of his previous detachedness and gloominess shattered to pieces. Infernos of fury and hatred surged in Fei Yu's pupils, so scorching that they seemed to ignite his very soul.

Xie Shiyi looked down at him. Under the tranquil moonlight, the reflection from his eyes similarly resembled clear, cool ripples. His sleeves flitted past the bright, clean Liangsheng flowers, and for a while, it was unclear which of the two was more pure and pristine in color. Watching Fei Yu's painful struggle, Xie Shiyi was unfazed, and he indifferently said, "What did you destroy in the underground of the auction hall?"

Fei Yu's fingers clawed the dirt below, and he hoarsely replied, "A demon core. I destroyed a demon core."

Xie Shiyi placidly asked, "The Qin Family has infiltrated Zijin Continent's many black markets and auction halls in order to sell this, correct?"

Fei Yu: "Yes."

Xie Shiyi nodded. "Continue. Tell me what you know."

Actually, even if he hadn't made the trip this time, he already had a rough understanding of the whole story.

Fei Yu was silent for a long while before rasping, "That day, I originally went to the black market on orders to execute that demonseed. When he escaped from Zijin Continent, he also took with him many stolen demon cores. The Qin Family was concerned that they would be implicated in this matter, and wanted me to destroy the evidence and cover their tracks."

Xie Shiyi's tone was as insipid as flying snow as he gave a light laugh. "On orders? On whose orders, Jing Ruyu's or Qin Changxi's?"

Fei Yu stopped speaking.

Xie Shiyi said, "Do the demon cores come from the Four Hundred Eighty Temples?"

Fei Yu replied, "I don't know."

Xie Shiyi nodded and didn't continue speaking.

For an instant, the air around them seemed to freeze. Fei Yu stared at a Liangsheng flower beside Xie Shiyi's foot that had just begun, but was yet to fully bloom. His entire body was in agony, blood filled his throat, and his eyes were scarlet.

The dominance and oppression of the apex of the Soul Formation stage were enough to have his soul suffer torment to the fullest extent. He didn't know if Xie Shiyi would kill him.

However, after seeing this young Alliance Leader in Nan City, he had already long anticipated the desperate situation today. At first, he still held some hope in his heart. Hope that, at the time, Xie Ying was so wholly engrossed by that youth in green that he hadn't even spared them a glance.

Sure enough, that hope was merely a delusion.

How could someone who sat atop Xiaoyu Palace for a hundred years, with a heart like ice liuli crystal, be easily fooled? The slightest hints, the faintest traces, any one of these details was enough to lead to his death.

"Alliance Leader, the matter has been handled."

Yu Xin walked over and retrieved a bottle from his sleeve.

Xie Shiyi: "En."

Yu Xin lowered his head to look at Fei Yu and asked, "Alliance Leader, how should this person be dealt with then?"

Xie Shiyi's long, slender fingers received that bottle, and he calmly said, "No need to deal with him."

Yu Xin: "Understood."

Xie Shiyi turned to leave, and the water screen swiftly dispersed.

That dense, chilly oppression followed and left with him.

Fei Yu's taut mental state also relaxed in an instant. The last breath of air keeping him up escaped him, and he collapsed on the ground, vomiting a mouthful of blood that splashed onto the pure white Liangsheng flowers. 

"Fei Yu\!" After the water screen dissipated, Jing Ruchen saw him, and she suddenly jumped off the black stone in anxiety. Her white skirt skimmed past the sea of flowers, and beneath her skirt her calves of white bone were jagged and protruding.

"Fei Yu, are you alright? How are you?" Originally, she was using her hands to cover the bloody wound between her brows, but now she didn't care about it at all. She lowered her head, her clear eyes filled with tears, innocence, and concern.

The moment her fingers touched him, his body shuddered, and he mustered up a breath of strength with his entire person to get up from the ground, covering his chest. Hoarsely, he deferentially said, "I'm fine, Miss, I've caused you to suffer a shock."

Jing Ruchen: "Let me help with your injuries."

Fei Yu silently stood up, remaining a step away from her. He calmly said, "No need."

\*

Qin Changxi stood before a stone pillar in Xuanji Palace, studying the relief carving with keen interest. 

The carving was a lifelike depiction of a Liangsheng flower.

One stem carrying two beautiful blossoms. This kind of flower typically grew along a single stem, intertwining, drawing from shared nutrients, competing with each other for a lifetime until death.

Jing Ruyu ordered the Tinglan Secret Realm to be opened and only emerged after making the arrangements. The dim glow of candlelight landed on Jing Ruyu's face, and her tone was frigid. "Third Young Master of the Qin Family."

Qin Changxi heard her speak and straightened his body, returning his folding fan back into his sleeve. He said respectfully, "Sect Master."

Jing Ruyu said, "Let's go. You'll announce the rules to each of the sect's elders with me." 

Qin Changxi replied, "Alright."

The time of the Rooster struck, and Jing Ruyu leisurely made her late appearance. Soul Formation cultivators could gather clouds and disperse mist, and so she made her descent from the skies. With her blue skirt fluttering, her grace was unparalleled, appearing like a celestial consort from the peak of the mountain range and landing atop the jade terrace bathed in moonlight. Yet, among the elders from the various sects, not one dared to appreciate this painting-like beauty. When they saw her, they were fraught with nerves. They all stood up and deferentially paid their respects. "Greetings to the Sect Master."

Jing Ruyu beamed. "All the elders have waited a long while."

She walked forward, each step of hers imbued with a clear radiance that seeped into the world around her. The dominance of the Soul Formation stage unintentionally flowed from her, silently enveloping the surroundings. All attendees instantly ceased their levities.

"Fuhua Sect has the fortune of hosting the Qingyun Conference this time, and I'm indebted to all the elders for doing me the honor of attending. This is a grand occasion for the Cultivation Realm, and I have been looking forward to this for a long time as well…Hm, what's this?"

Jing Ruyu's speech abruptly came to a halt as her sight fell upon the empty seat next to Tianshu. She stopped in her tracks.

The atmosphere quieted for a second.

She looked for a long while before her red lips slowly hooked. Her eyes quietly turned towards Tianshu as she cheerfully said, "Only the two of you have come from Wangqing Sect?"

Her tone carried a smile with it, yet her expression was inscrutable, and her almond eyes exuded a chill.

Before Tianshu had the chance to respond.

Jing Ruyu already smiled. With a turn of her head, she nonchalantly said, "The time of the Rooster has already arrived. Since this Great Elder has yet to arrive, presumably they're extremely busy, so there's no need for them to come. Third Young Master of the Qin Family, there just happens to be an open seat. How about you sit here?"

Her fleetingly light words placed Tianshu and Hengbai in the most embarrassing position, and served as a fierce slap to Wangqing Sect's face.

Liuguang Sect's Fucheng Elder couldn't hold back and audibly sneered, full of schadenfreude.

Normally, Jing Ruyu wouldn't go out of her way to make things difficult for Wangqing Sect. However, this time, after finally managing to find a slip-up, in addition to taking all their old and new grudges into account, she naturally showed no mercy.

Beneath his mask, Qin Changxi's lips slowly curved, and he held his folding fan as he paid his respects. "Then, Changxi will accept this invitation."

Tianshu utterly dared not to speak.

This was also the reason why the Nine Great Sects would have an elder at the Void Refinement stage to lead. When seriously facing a Soul Formation cultivator, Great Ascension cultivators wouldn't have the ability to even resist their oppression.

Third Young Master of the Qin Family, Qin Changxi? Zijijn Continent's Qin Family?

The expressions of each of the other elders were severe.

Qin Changxi wore his silver mask, swayed his folding fan, and moved toward the folding chair at the very front.

The other elders secretly exchanged glances, all of them feeling a mixture of regret and sympathy for the Great Elder of Wangqing Sect who had yet to show up.

Once Qin Changxi landed in his seat, it was the equivalent of landing a slap on Wangqing Sect's face. However, Wangqing Sect was the one who was originally in the wrong. Even if the elder were to arrive, they likely wouldn't dare to face off against Qin Changxi.

Hengbai's face was deathly pale. He was perturbed, but the moment he opened his mouth to say something, his throat felt like it was being gripped by a strange force.

Qin Changxi was readily about to sit down. However, just before he was about to approach the chair, a pear blossom fell from the tree behind the chair.

It floated lightly, yet it swept up a fierce gale with a keen edge—suddenly, it transformed into a razor-sharp blade that slashed apart the folding fan in his hand.

*Dong*. Half of the severed folding fan fell onto the floor.

Everyone froze.

Qin Changxi's head shot up.

Amidst the lantern-filled immortal feast, Xie Shiyi stepped off a cloud, his snow white undyed by a single speck of dust, his wide sleeves billowing like a cloud. He calmly said, "Has the time of the Rooster arrived?"

Had the time of the Rooster arrived?

Not yet. If one were to truly calculate it starting from the time of the Dragon[^4], there was still one incense stick left[^5].

The instant he spoke.

The entire immortal feast was like boiling water suddenly turning to ice, abruptly freezing.

 Jing Ruyu couldn't smile anymore.

Xie Shiyi walked forward. This was his first appearance before the Nine Great Sects after his hundred years of seclusion. Nobody dared to breathe. Their throats felt as if they had been pinched by something, and their minds turned in a thousand directions at once. 

As Xie Shiyi approached, the familiar, ethereal gauze came into view, carrying an aura as crisp and clear as the stone steps of Xiaoyu Palace's heavenly wall. Everyone's faces stiffened, and they spoke in unison.

"Greetings to the Alliance Leader." "Greetings to the Alliance Leader."

Qin Changxi also suffered a great shock. He didn't know why Xie Shiyi would show up here.

Jing Ruyu's expression changed in a flash, her eyes fluidly glancing around like a current. Only afterwards did she smile and say, "Duwei?"

Xie Shiyi: "Where did you just want Qin Changxi to sit?"

Jing Ruyu's expression remained unchanged, and she softly smiled. "It was only a misunderstanding, I thought you wouldn't be coming."

Xie Shiyi didn't say anything more to her.

Qin Changxi stood to the side, his good-natured smile restored under his silver mask. He even slightly leaned over and extended a hand, saying, "Alliance Leader, please."

*TN: tea.*

*y'all i'm abouut to CRASH OUT disqus randomly just decided to stop working and i ended up deleting ALL THE COMMENTS AND REACTIONS I'M SO UPSETTT*

*maybe it's time to move to blogger or something T-T it's just so embarassing i couldn't figure it out b/c i'm a professional software engineer QAQ*

[^1]:  5-7 pm

[^2]:  鸦杀, Crow killing

[^3]:  两生, Two life, symbolizes duality

[^4]:  7-9 am

[^5]:  15 min
