---
title: "Chapter 49: Shuangsheng (5)"
created_at: "2025-10-06 18:01:51 -0400"
---
# Chapter 49: Shuangsheng (5)

The floating lanterns lit up one after the other. Jing Ruyu sat at the head of the table. Due to Xie Shiyi's arrival, the words that she had prepared long in advance had to be altered at the last minute.

With a slight smile, she said, "Today, I've invited all the elders to this banquet here at the immortal terrace because, not only as an expression of friendship from my Fuhua Sect as hosts, but also to discuss something with everyone, and ask for your thoughts." To be frank, if Xie Ying were not present, she absolutely would've omitted the last part.

Jing Ruyu leisurely said, "In the past, the Qingyun Conference has always taken the form of drawing lots and competing, round by round, until a final winner is determined and a hundred heaven-blessed talents are selected and ranked. However, this time, I would like to change the rules a bit."

As she spoke, she looked at each and every person at the scene with smiling eyes. Finally, her sight landed on Xie Shiyi, and she lightly said.

"Of the fifty principles of the Great Dao, Heaven controls forty-nine, while Man decides the remaining one. You all know that cultivation relies not only on a person, but also on timing and luck. How could a single victory or defeat within the confines of a narrow stage determine one's true strength? Why not change up the competition? Between the vast heavens and earth, surely there is a better method for evaluating a person's character and innate aptitude."

"Fuhua Sect owns a location called the Tinglan Secret Boundary, which was left behind when a Void Refinement Great Elder from my sect perished while undergoing a tribulation. Originally, it was used as a breeding ground for poisonous insects, and it has now been abandoned for many years. Inside, the jungle is overgrown, the terrain is dangerous, and the climate changes are volatile, making it a top-notch training ground. Although the small insects and poisonous vipers within are dangerous, they aren't life-threatening."

"I plan to split the Qingyun Conference into two rounds. In the first round, five hundred people will be selected. In the second round, these five hundred people will enter the Tinglan Secret Realm, and whoever exits the Secret Realm first will be the champion. What does everyone think?"

Although her lips asked, "What does everyone think," her eyes only looked at Xie Shiyi.

In the darkness, the sprawling mountain range and countless ravines wound into the distance like the spine of a giant beast, and apricot blossoms rained onto the terrace. Under the light of the liuli lanterns, Xie Shiyi's eyes were cold and detached as he lowered them to gaze at the tea in his cup.

Not a single Great Elder from the Nine Great Sects dared to speak. The Qingyun Conference could be considered both a big and a small matter. To the younger generation, it was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to steal the spotlight and gain worldwide fame. But, to them, it was a small-scale event where they just went through the motions, that's all.

Jing Ruyu already had them on guard by hosting this banquet, and now even Xie Ying was here. The conversation between these two was like a game of chess, and nobody dared to get mixed up in it.

Jing Ruyu quietly waited for a moment, but still didn't receive an answer. She smiled and asked again, "Duwei, what do you think?"

Even though one sat in the host's seat and one sat in the guest's seat.

Jing Ruyu's inner impatience and hatred hadn't necessarily dissipated. Her smile was fittingly elegant, but the fluctuating moods from the depths of her eyes were as murky as a swamp.

Xie Shiyi calmly said, "I think it's great."

Once he spoke, the elders from the Nine Sects silently released their breaths, once again raised the smiles on their faces, and began speaking.

"Sect Master Jing is absolutely correct.

"It certainly is difficult to see a person's true strength from the narrow confines of a stage."

"Perhaps the Tinglan Secret Realm would make it easier to evaluate abilities."

Amid the crowd, Qin Changxi held half a folding fan, and as he heard what was said, he lowered his head, his lips slowly raising.

But Jing Ruyu didn't smile.

Her character was overly suspicious, and when she heard Xie Ying agree, a weight didn't lift from her heart. On the contrary, it felt even heavier. She instantly asked, testing, "Then, is Duwei agreeing to have the Tinglan Secret Realm as the venue for the second round of the Qingyun Conference?"

"I agree." Xie Shiyi set his cup down, his snow white sleeves flitting over a few fallen flowers atop the table. He raised his gaze and mildly said, "Since the goal is to evaluate a person's character and innate aptitude between the vast heavens and earth, then the trial must be conducted thoroughly and completely, without any interference."

"I'll add another rule. When the Tinglan Secret Realm is open, no one may use their spiritual consciousness to observe the events occurring inside."

Qin Changxi's smile froze on his face.

Every elder was dumbstruck.

Yet, Jing Ruyu sat atop the high seat, her gaze devoid of any disguise or falsehoods as she distantly looked at Xie Shiyi.

Under the moonlight and lantern glow, Xie Shiyi's ink-black hair was dyed with a touch of frost, the light blue gauze subtly shifting with flowing luminescence. His expression was frigid as he quietly said, "Heaven controls forty-nine, Man decides one. That one is decided by eliminating all other factors. Since you and I are both outsiders, then let's simply not get involved."

Unlike Jing Ruyu, he didn't even need to fakely ask others for their thoughts. He simply stated the rule he set, as if it were no big deal.

Qin Changxi's hand slowly clenched, bit by bit, the dark, murky eyes beneath his silver fox mask boring into Xie Shiyi as he grit his teeth to himself.

On Fuhua Sect's turf, when Jing Ruyu brought up the matter of the Tinglan Secret Realm, he thought that, according to his personality, Xie Ying would surely refuse, leaving no room for negotiation.

He never imagined that Xie Ying would agree so easily?\! And the rule he added at the end even more directly blocked the eyes of the Nine Great Sects, plunging the Tinglan Secret Realm into the dark—and making it even easier for them to tamper with it.

—What exactly was Xie Ying thinking?\!

Jing Ruyu: "Duwei plans to set the Fuxi[^1] Stone outside of the Tinglan Secret Realm?" The Fuxi Stone could ensure that no one's spiritual consciousness could enter, and prevent all outsiders from knowing any events that happened within the Secret Realm.

Xie Shiyi: "En."

Jing Ruyu stared at him. Then, she smiled, her voice was like the shattering of ice jade. "Alright then."

"What exactly is he thinking?" After the banquet concluded, Qin Changxi nearly asked this at the first opportunity he could find. He was from the faraway Zijin Continent, and his encounters with Xie Ying were scant. He knew the person was dangerous, but he had never directly faced Xie Ying like this.

Jing Ruyu coldly scoffed. "What is he thinking? Who in the Upper Heaven could guess."

Qin Changxi pursed his lips, a flash of deep calculation flashing across his eyes.

Jing Ruyu calmly turned her head. "Regardless of Xie Ying, I want to ask, what do you plan to do?"

Qin Changxi, upon meeting her appraising gaze, instantly straightened his posture and didn't plan on hiding anything. He said with a slight smile, "Has the Sect Master ever heard of the Phantasm Purging Technique?"

Jing Ruyu was silent.

Qin Changxi said, "At the time, that phoenix from Liuxian Continent was actually being controlled by the Phantasm Purging Technique. Only then would it lose all reason and risk everything to ruthlessly attack Zixiao."

Jing Ruyu raised her brows and said, "The Phantasm Purging Technique is used for controlling demonseeds. Xie Ying's cultivation is at Soul Formation. Where will you find a demonseed with equal cultivation to counter him?"

Qin Changxi gave a wry smile. "Of course, Changxi has his own plans."

\*

Fuhua Sect had prepared a spiritual peak especially for the Great Elders of the Nine Great Sects to relax. However, Xie Shiyi didn't remain for an extra second, directly heading toward Dingyuan Peak. The elders from the Nine Sects didn't dare ask any questions. They respectfully stood upright, only secretly releasing a breath after he had left.

After he left, Liuguang Sect's Elder Fucheng's expression was ashen, and he heavily stormed off in a huff.

When Xie Shiyi left Xuanji Peak, Yu Xin emerged from the darkness. "Alliance Leader, where are we headed now?"

Xie Shiyi said, "Dingyuan Peak."

Yu Xin: "Ah?"

Wasn't Dingyuan Peak a random peak on the mere outskirts of Fuhua Sect?

Xie Shiyi was halfway there when he suddenly halted. His tone was indifferent as he said, "Elder Fucheng."

Fucheng was right behind him. The instant he was called out, his entire body stiffened. The red diamond behind his brows looked like a dark red moon under the moonlight. He secretly clenched his hands into fists, raised his head, and struggled to steady his breath as he said, "Does the Alliance Leader have instructions for me?"

Xie Shiyi mildly commanded, "Come over here."

Fucheng: "..."

Fucheng stifled his anger and replied, "Understood." The closer one was to the center of power of the Nine Sects, the more aware they were of just how terrifying the person before him was. With a wave of his hand, two Liuguang Sect elders joined him and closely followed behind Xie Ying.

Fucheng lowered his head, a million emotions flashing through his eyes. His thoughts were complex as he tried to guess why Xie Ying called him over.

—Was it because he said something out of line at the banquet? No, no way, if Xie Ying were to be angered by something like this, then he wouldn't be called Xie Ying.

—Was it because of the matter concerning Huichun Sect and Zixiao? No, there's also no way, the Sect Master had already made a trip to Xiaoyu Palace long ago regarding that. Xie Ying wouldn't seek a resolution for one matter twice.

Could it be because of Yin Guan and Yin Xian? When Fucheng thought of this, his mood started spiraling downward like a rock sinking into a swamp.

His face was ashen. He felt that this was probably the reason.

Yin Guan and Yin Xian had dealings with every country in the mortal realm, establishing "prison rooms" to send demonseeds to the Four Hundred and Eighty Temples. Although the two had already died at the hands of the Immortal Alliance, he wasn't sure how much Xie Ying knew about the prison rooms.

If he were to ask, what should he say?

Fucheng was a member of the Yin Family and held the title of Great Elder in Liuguang Sect. His status was highly respected. If he claimed to know nothing about this matter, there was no way Xie Ying would believe him.

As for the two Great Ascension elders behind Fucheng, they were even more anxious and nervous, and held their breaths apprehensively. Frankly, they had a very shallow understanding of Xie Ying, and the relationship between Liuguang Sect and Wangqing Sect had always been hostile. If they didn't see Fucheng's exceedingly cautious behavior, although they would've been shocked at seeing Xie Ying, they still wouldn't be as terrified as they were now.

In order to make their sect's once proud and arrogant Elder Fucheng be on the alert…exactly what kind of person was this young Immortal Alliance Leader?

Yu Xin occasionally cast a glance backward. He had absolutely no idea why the Alliance Leader wanted these old men to follow them. Just like he didn't know why the Alliance Leader extracted the blood from between Jing Ruchen's brows. Although the answers to these were merely a question away, however, these riddles weren't destined for him to solve.

The sound from Dingyuan Peak's waterfall was thunderous, and the snow-white water spray splashed against the backdrop of the night sky like glittering stars.

Xie Shiyi walked down, his robes leaving behind a trail of clear splendor as they swept over the fragrant grass.

After carefully deliberating the entire trip, Fucheng decided to make the first move. He opened his mouth and said, "Did the Alliance Leader call me earlier to discuss something?"

Xie Shiyi said, "I don't want to kill people."

Fucheng didn't understand, but his face turned deathly pale just from a single, cold sentence.

Xie Shiyi continued casually. "Since they're people from your Liuguang Sect, don't let them appear before me in the future."

Fucheng: "..."

Fucheng: "?"

Fucheng was stunned. The previous sophistries he had devised regarding the Qin Family, the mortal realm, and demonseeds were all caught in his throat.

His mind was completely blank, and for a moment, he couldn't react—what does he mean that people from Liuguang Sect shouldn't appear before him? People from Liuguang Sect, besides the Sect Master and a few Great Elders, who could appear before Xie Ying? And who would dare to repeatedly enter Xiaoyu Palace?

As the group passed through the shadows of the apricot trees, the clouds parted and the mist dispersed.

"What did you just say? I didn't hear it clearly." Yan Qing just now truly didn't hear clearly what was said. Starting from when Yin Wuwang said, "Did you only snatch away that token to get revenge on me," he was frozen.

Yin Wuwang took a deep breath and took another look at Yan Qing. Yan Qing wore blue and white robes, his ink-black hair was soft and supple, and his peach blossom eyes seemed to carry feeling no matter if he was smiling or not. He carried a black bat near his chest, and the red thread on his wrist only emphasized his slenderness. His wrist was frail, and his eyes and brows looked like a painting. Standing under the moonlight, Yan Qing seemed like someone who had always been waiting for him, whom he had only noticed after suddenly turning around and looking back.

Yin Wuwang hoarsely said, "I said, I'm sorry that I turned my back on you back then."

"You did so much for me and offered me a sincere heart, yet I threw it away like a pair of old shoes, even gifting the flower you gave to me to someone else.

The first time he said these things, his heart was half full of remorse and half full of bitterness. However, the second time he said them, a strange feeling of maddening pleasure and pride surged within him. Whenever he thought of the fact that Yan Qing was currently Xie Ying's Dao companion. This kind of excitement caused his blood to boil even hotter.

Yin Wuwang suddenly raised his head and said.

"Yan Qing, you don't truly like Xie Ying, right?"

"You're only marrying him to get revenge on me."

The smile on his lips was infinitely bitter, and the hurt in his eyes was a mix of truth and falsehoods.

"You don't need to do this, to marry a man who's a complete stranger to get revenge on me."

Yan Qing: "..."

Budezhi was utterly dumbstruck by this insanely dog-blooded scene. Its pupils shook as it said, "Oh my goodness gracious."

Yan Qing had quick eyes and hands and covered Budezhi's eyes, not wanting to have this bat, whose head was already full of who-knows-what, to have even more silly thoughts in its head.

While covering the eyes of Budezhi, who was fiercely struggling to catch a glimpse, he gave a light laugh, and he looked at Yin Wuwang as he said, "No, I do need to."

Yin Wuwang froze.

Words of ridicule rose to the tip of his tongue, but since they would involve Xie Shiyi, Yan Qing didn't bother saying them.

Yan Qing only smiled a not-smile. "You're wrong, Xie Ying isn't necessarily a stranger to me."

"Regardless of the Luolin Flower, or of the token, I had my own ulterior motives for the proposal."

"Moreover, how do you know I don't like him?"

Yan Qing's speech was unhurried.

"I don't even know my own feelings toward him."

Yin Wuwang?

When he heard Yin Wuwang's voice, Fucheng couldn't move his entire body.

Liuguang Sect's Sect Master had countless concubines and countless children. Normally, he was too lazy to deal with the younger generation within the sect, but the only sliver of impression he had towards Yin Wuwang was that the so-called "Young Sect Master" title fell onto the head of a Golden Core stage trash.

But, what did Yin Wuwang just say?

"You're only marrying him to get revenge on me?"

"..."

Fucheng had never been so shocked in his life, and his pupils even shrank a bit. He was both stunned and anxious, and terror and fury ignited in his veins. He had just begun to open his mouth to say something.

But, suddenly, he heard the person beside him give a soft laugh.

[^1]:  伏羲, [Fuxi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fuxi) is the mythical first emperor of China
