---
title: "Chapter 50: Shuangsheng (6)"
created_at: "2025-10-14 23:51:49 -0400"
---
# Chapter 50: Shuangsheng (6)

This sound of soft laughter broke Yin Wuwang's self-satisfied train of thought. He turned his head to look over, and the first thing he saw was Fucheng. Under the moonlight, Elder Fucheng's face was ashen, and, from the fury gushing from his glare, it seemed as if he was nearly about to murder him.

Yin Wuwang's expression was instantly thunderstruck.

Why was Fucheng here?\! Great Elder Fucheng's status in Liuguang Sect was lofty to the extreme.

In the sect, Yin Wuwang was largely spurned, and typically, he would only be seen at family dinners.

Yin Wuwang's gaze shifted toward the back, and when he saw the person beside Fucheng, his face became even more deathly pale, and his eyes widened.

Xie Shiyi didn't have him in his sights. His eyes were looking at Yan Qing, and the corners of his lips carried a loose smile that had yet to fade.

Fucheng could never have imagined that Xie Ying would actually call him over just because of this piece of trash. The weight on his chest had yet to lift, and now, he was so shaken by Yin Wuwang's death-seeking words that threatened to drag him down with him, his soul practically flew out of his body\!

"Yin Wuwang, what are you doing here?\!" Right now, all Fucheng wanted was to seize him by the neck and drag him away. However, Xie Ying was right beside him, and he couldn't get a handle on Xie Ying's mood, so he could only bear his anger, git his teeth, and bark out this much.

Yin Wuwang's lips trembled. "Elder Fucheng…"

Fucheng: "Get over here\!"

Whether the cultivation level or social status of a Void Refinement Great Elder, Yin Wuwang didn't dare to stand up to either. He shrank like a quail, timid and trembling. His fingers trembled, and he trudged over with his head down, step by step.

Fucheng was exhausted just from thinking of what happened tonight. He was enraged and heavily brandished his sleeves with a huff.

Yin Wuwang was directly forced to kneel on the ground by the overwhelming oppression.

"It's the middle of the night, but instead of staying in your room, you come out to have a secret rendezvous with—" *Something's wrong\!*

Fucheng thought of something, and, at the very last second, anxiously swallowed the two words "your lover" back into his throat. He changed his words, menacingly saying, "Get lost\!"

Blood gushed forward from Yin Wuwang's throat as he suffered under the oppression's dominance. The instant he saw Xie Ying, the pride and pleasure from the fantasy he had constructed around Yan Qing of trampling a god underfoot was washed away, as if he had been doused by a bucket full of ice water to the face, leaving only the feeling of bone-chilling coldness.

Fucheng turned his head, looked at Xie Ying, and said with a solemn expression, "Alliance Leader, I'll bring this person back and make sure that he doesn't appear before you again. Please rest assured, Alliance Leader."

Xie Shiyi didn't really want to bother with them now and just left behind a perfunctory "Okay" before walking forward.

Yu Xin followed behind him. He tossed Fucheng an ambiguous smile and urged them to get lost. "Elder Fucheng, if you please."

Fucheng lowered his head and shot Yin Wuwang a ferocious glare. He immediately conjured a cloud and dragged him away with quick strides.

When Xie Shiyi emerged, Yan Qing was confounded for a moment.

What he'd just said earlier was half true, half false.

On one hand, he said it purely because riling Yin Wuwang up was fun. On the other hand, perhaps he only made things more obvious by trying to cover up those matters deep within his heart that he was unwilling to delve into.

However, Yan Qing was accustomed to concealing his emotions. If he truly wished to act, perhaps even Xie Shiyi wouldn't necessarily notice any indications. Holding his bat and batting his eyes, he lazily smiled and drawled. "How long were you standing there for?"

Xie Shiyi placidly said, "Go inside first."

Yan Qing: "Alright then."

Recently, Xie Shiyi would examine his Dantian every night.

Regarding his cultivation after being reborn, before he formed his Nascent Soul, he was urgently pressured about it, but after he formed his Nascent Soul, it was as if everything was left up to fate. He could slack off, sleep, and not do an ounce of honest work, yet Xie Shiyi never said a word.

Yu Xin watched the two of them enter the house, and he randomly found a nearby tree outside to relax on.

The noise from Dingyuan Peak's waterfall was resounding and drowned out any buzzing insects or singing birds.

Yan Qing let Budezhi back into the mustard seed space and followed Xie Shiyi into the room. He asked with interest, "Yaoyao, when did you arrive?"

Xie Shiyi said, "When you made him say it again."

Yan Qing's fingers shook slightly, and he instantly turned his head, gave a languid smile, and said, "Ah, so you heard everything? Anyways, you don't need me to explain to you what Yin Wuwang said, right?"

Xie Shiyi: "I don't need you to explain what he said."

"I just knew we were one of heart and mind. There's no way there'd be any misunderstandings between us."  Yan Qing sighed in relief and praised him earnestly. He amicably sat down at the table in the house's side wing.

However, he had just sat down when he heard Xie Shiyi cooly say, "But I would like to hear your explanation for what you said afterward."

"..."

Yan Qing nearly fell out of his seat, but with his quick reflexes, he propped himself up with a hand on the table's edge and finally settled down after much difficulty. He sat very still and upright, maintaining his smile, and blinked with both curiosity and surprise. "Hm? What did I say afterward?"

"You don't know your feelings toward me?" Xie Shiyi's pitch-black eyes were like a snow-covered lake as he calmly said, "Haven't you always been very clear about the relationship between us? From old acquaintances to friends."

Yan Qing's smile stiffened. His heart felt like there were insects living inside it, a bit numb yet a bit itchy. He retrained his expression, lifted his hand and ran it through his hair a couple of times, and pondered for a bit before saying, "This, huh, actually…I only said this to get Yin Wuwang to shut up."

As soon as he started speaking, Yan Qing found his footing and began to run his mouth without a second thought.

Yan Qing slapped the table and gravely said, "Yaoyao, right now I'm nominally your Dao companion. Yin Wuwang actually wants to seduce me to humiliate you?\! How preposterous\! How could I let you suffer this kind of shame?"

"So that's why I said that on purpose. Before him, I definitely need to pretend to have deep feelings and no regrets toward you. I was the one who stole the Luolin Flower, I was the one who snatched the token, and I'm the one who has my own ulterior motives."

Yan Qing even ended up amusing himself with his ramblings. A thought came to him, and he adoringly lifted his head to look at Xie Shiyi. With his cheek propped up in his palm, he leisurely said, "Yaoyao, give me a smile."

Yan Qing said, "If you give me a smile, I'm willing to do anything for you. I'll even give you my life."

Xie Shiyi raised his gaze to look at him and serenely asked, "You're really willing to do anything?"

"..." Yan Qing was afraid he was making trouble for himself, and immediately backtracked. "Never mind, forget what I just said. If you give me a smile, I'll give you my life."

Xie Shiyi stared at him for a long while before suddenly smiling gently.

The boundless beauty melted the ice and dissolved the snow.

However, Xie Shiyi's smile was fleeting and disappeared in the blink of an eye, evaporating like smoke. He coldly said, "Why would I want your life?"

For the master of Xiaoyu Palace, the judge of life or death, perhaps human lives were the most worthless thing.

He looked down, and indifference returned to his tone. "Give me your hand."

"Oh." Yan Qing obediently gave him his hand. He thought that Xie Shiyi would seize this opportunity to make quite a few mocking jabs at him. Unexpectedly, Xie Shiyi's mood didn't seem to be too good, and his expression was as cold as frost.

Yan Qing changed the topic. "Yaoyao, what did you do today?"

Xie Shiyi mildly said, "I went to seek something out from Jing Ruchen."

Yan Qing: "Ah? Why do you need something from Jing Ruchen?" Wasn't Jing Ruchen already handicapped by the great Xuanji fire?

Xie Shiyi pursed his lips.

He didn't necessarily like being asked questions, nor did he like explaining his actions. However, everything was an exception when it came to Yan Qing.

"Jing Ruchen and Jing Ruyu are twins." Xie Shiyi looked down and said, "Phantasms exist everywhere under the sun, and live as a parasite inside pregnant women. If Jing Ruchen is a demonseed, then Jing Ruyu most likely is as well."

Yan Qing stilled, and his thoughts spun. "So you went to draw Jing Ruchen's blood? You suspect that Jing Ruyu is a demonseed?"

Xie Shiyi indifferently said, "En, according to Jing Ruyu's aptitude in the past, there's no way she would be able to reach the Soul Formation stage by now."

Yan Qing nodded upon hearing this. Indeed, according to Jing Ruyu's aptitude, it would be impossible for her to reach Soul Formation currently. Phantasms could allow people to suddenly raise their aptitude. Moreover, the phantasm would need to have already awakened.

Yan Qing: "What will you use to test? The Qiandeng Lantern?"

Xie Shiyi replied, "En."

Yan Qing blinked. "What does the Qiandeng Lantern look like?" He was actually pretty interested in the only Heaven-tier phantasm-detecting celestial artifact under the sky.

Xie Shiyi nonchalantly said, "It's just a lantern."

Yan Qing derided, "What do you mean it's just a lantern? At any rate, it's the most powerful phantasm-detecting celestial artifact in the world, you should show some respect\!"

Xie Shiyi shot him a glance and said, "The most powerful phantasm detector isn't the Qiandeng Lantern."

Yan Qing: "Ah?"

Xie Shiyi's fingers released Yan Qing's wrist. "The most powerful phantasm detector and slayer is at Xiaoyu Palace."

Yan Qing was dumbfounded.

Xie Shiyi didn't continue. Instead, he asked, "Are you planning to sleep?"

Yan Qing fixed him with a serious stare and said, "Xie Shiyi, you're being unfair. I was originally tired, but now you've tossed me this mystery, there's no way I'll be able to sleep." All this time, Yan Qing had only heard of Xiaoyu Palace's reputation. The main palace of the Immortal Alliance, the true forbidden area of Nanze Province, standing tall among endless snowstorms, utterly out of reach. However, Xiaoyu Palace was also where Xie Shiyi lived all year round, so he had always been curious.

Yan Qing's heart felt like it had been scratched by a cat. He straightforwardly reached a hand out to clutch Xie Shiyi's sleeve, batted his eyes, and in a long, drawn-out voice, said, "Yaoyao, don't keep me in suspense."

Xie Shiyi: "..."

Xie Shiyi was helpless against him. He dropped his gaze and, in a cool, detached tone, said, "Xiaoyu Palace is located atop the Giant Demon Slaying Formation, and the main seat of the palace is right at the eye of the formation."

Xie Shiyi lightly said, "The most powerful phantasm detector and slayer is Xiaoyu Palace itself."

The Giant Demon Slaying Formation was a secret that only a few people in the entire Upper Heaven were privy to. After Yan Qing heard this, he was stunned, and his head rang. Those mysteries from long ago also slowly, slowly began unraveling. So, it turned out that this was the balance of power between the Immortal Alliance and the Nine Sects and Three Families.

Xie Shiyi possessed the unlimited authority over life and death. However, this bloodstained authority rested on the most dangerous killing formation in the world.

The Giant Demon Slaying Formation…

Possessed by a mysterious impulse, Yan Qing looked at him quietly and finally asked the question that had been circling in his heart ever since his rebirth.

"Xie Shiyi, why did you become the Alliance Leader?" *That's right, why?* Xie Shiyi didn't necessarily have evil in his bones, but he wasn't naturally benevolent either.

Xie Shiyi didn't answer him. He merely said, "Yan Qing, you really like asking me questions."

With a bit of a guilty conscience, Yan Qing mumbled, "En."

Xie Shiyi's pupils were dark and glimmered like liuli as the candlelight and moonlight illuminated their depths. Translucent and pure, they seemed to see through and know all.

He said, "Actually, this isn't fair."

It had always been others who bitterly implored for fairness from him, but now, he was the one who was being forced to retreat time and time again.

"When I ask you questions, you're allowed to be dismissive, evasive, joke around, and bluff your way out of it.

But when you ask me questions, you'll always receive an honest answer."

Yan Qing was provoked by this mud-slinging slander of his. "When have I ever been dismissive or evasive?\!"

"Many times." Xie Shiyi smiled enigmatically and casually said, "Aren't you competing tomorrow?"

Xie Shiyi said, "Since you're tired, then go to sleep. I'll stand guard here."

Yan Qing: "..."

Yan Qing, feeling both gloomy and guilty, headed directly towards the bed.

Xie Shiyi sat by the table, his gaze fixed on his retreating back. With a light point of his fingers, the four corners of the room were enveloped by a barrier, sealing out the deafening sound of the waterfall.

The night was silent.

Just like the silence of thought.

He wouldn't ask Yan Qing why he wanted to participate in the Qingyun Conference. Various hints had already long suggested to him the true reason.

Yan Qing's persistent questioning of him about phantasms, persistent reluctance to cultivate, and persistent avoidance of speaking about the events of his past life. Step by step, they guided him to the final answer.

\*

Fuhua Sect, Wanxiang Stage.

Bored out of his mind, Yan Qing yawned.

Beside him, Ming Ze was scared witless by his appearance. "Yan-Xiong, did you not rest well last night?"

Yan Qing said, "Yup."

Ming Ze knew that Yan Qing would sleep at night, although he utterly couldn't comprehend why—after forming one's foundation, cultivators could completely do without eating or sleeping, and every cultivator strove to make every second count. Why would Yan Qing waste so many shichen to sleep?

Many disciples from the Nine Great Sects were nearby. In places Yan Qing was unaware of, violent undercurrents surged at the Qingyun Conference. Everyone was gathering information about their opponents and privately making their own judgments about who would end up in the top hundred list of the Qingyun Rankings. There were even secret bets being made.

Ming Ze stealthily explained these tidbits of gossip to Yan Qing. "We're all guessing that the top spot in the Qingyun Rankings will go to one of these three candidates. The first is our Jingshuang Peak's Yi Qiu-Shijie." She was precisely the female cultivator who had called him over when they had set off. Ming Ze, sharing in the glory, smiled proudly and said, "Although Yi Qiu-Shijie is in the late stage of Nascent Soul, recently I've gotten the feeling that she's just about to break through to the apex. As for the other two candidates, one is Shangyang Sect's Zhao Xingyuan, and the final one is Hehuan Sect's Yan Lexin."

"Look, Hehuan Sect is right over there."

Yan Qing followed where his finger was pointing, and saw a group of men and women wearing light, powder pink robes.

As expected of a sect that pursued yin and yang dual cultivation, each person was an outstanding beauty. Every sentence, every smile carried a bewitching quality that was hard to pinpoint or describe. Ming Ze initially wanted him to look at Yan Lexin, but Yan Qing's sight immediately landed on a familiar face on the outskirts of the sect.

*…Bai Xiaoxiao?*