---
title: "Chapter 51: Shuangsheng (7)"
created_at: "2025-10-26 23:50:32 -0400"
---
# Chapter 51: Shuangsheng (7)

*Why would Bai Xiaoxiao be here?*

Yan Qing observed Bai Xiaoxiao's cultivation for a moment and realized that he was at the early stage of Nascent Soul. But that was also normal. Since Bai Xiaoxiao inherited the power passed on by Zixiao, he was able to skip the step of absorbing spiritual energy and only had to learn how to control and be able to make use of it. His progression would naturally be very fast.

At this moment, the Fuhua Sect elder atop Wangxiang Stage spoke.

"Number four hundred and thirty, Hehuan Sect's Bai Xiaoxiao against Wangqing Sect's Ning Yiqiu."

The moment his voice fell, the entire arena was in uproar, and all eyes were glued to the centermost elevated stage.

Ming Ze excitedly exclaimed, "Yan Qing, Yan Qing, it's Yiqiu-Shijie, Yiqiu-Shijie's about to take the stage\!"

In Ming Ze's eyes, this match wasn't the least bit suspenseful. Everyone had already surreptitiously decided on the top three contestants. As long as Ning Yiqiu didn't get matched up against either of the other two in the first round of the competition, she could probably handily finish her opponent within three maneuvers.

Yan Qing knowingly nodded. 

Ning Yiqiu stepped out alone from the group of people, her sword in hand and her appearance charming. Her blue and white robes fluttered with the wind, and her entire person gave off the aura of coolly detached experience and competence.

The token at her waist also eye-catchingly displayed her status as an inner peak disciple of Wangqing Sect.

Everyone covertly sized her up, lightly whispering to each other.

"Ning Yiqiu's at the late stage of Nascent Soul, right?"

"No, higher, I heard from a Wangqing Sect disciple that she's almost about to break through to the apex of Nascent Soul."

"Then her chances of winning this Qingyun Conference are very high."

A few shixiongs and shijies from Hehuan Sect gave Bai Xiaoxiao a few words of consolation, but they could only say, "Just try your best."

Bai Xiaoxiao revealed a smile, and silently hyped himself up as he stepped onto the elevated stage.

Everyone below the stage watched that little disciple from the Hehuan Sect, whose cultivation was only at the early stage of Nascent Soul and whose weapon was only an ordinary sword.

Their hearts were instantly filled with disappointment. *This match will be such a drag.*

Yan Qing had initially planned on watching this match til the end, but, unexpectedly, he heard the elder call out his name.

"Number four hundred and forty, Wangqing Sect's Yan Qing against Liuguang Sect's Yin Bai."

His match also started. He waved goodbye to Ming Ze and walked toward another elevated stage.

Afterward, the elder announced a few more matches. The crowd erupted with chatter.

"Looks like there aren't any interesting matches in the first round."

"Nonsense, of the over ten thousand participants, around eighty percent must be at the early stage of Nascent Soul. There are only so many people at the late stage of Nascent Soul, how can you expect them all to get matched up against each other in the first round?"

Most of the Wangqing Sect disciples were watching Ning Yiqiu's match, while more of the Liuguang Sect disciples were paying attention to Yin Bai.

Thus, it was as if Yan Qing was entering into Liuguang Sect's territory alone.

Inadvertently, Yan Qing spotted Yin Wuwang amidst the crowd.

He didn't know how that Great Elder from Liuguang Sect severely punished him yesterday upon return, but he could see that Yin Wuwang's lips were green, his eyes were completely bloodshot, and his condition was horrendous. However, the instant Yin Wuwang looked up and saw him amidst the crowd, he suddenly became animated, the pressure within him reaching a breaking point. A paranoid stubbornness surged within him.

He motionlessly stared at Yan Qing, like he was in a deathly struggle and Yan Qing was his only lifeline.

Yan Qing: "?"

 *Why does Yin Wuwang get more daring after every failure?*

Any normal person would be terrified after being fixed with such a frightening stare from Yin Wuwang. But, in his previous life, Yan Qing lost count of how many people observed, speculated, and sized him up with ulterior motives back in the Red Lotus Pavilion. He didn't bother sparing a second thought toward him and lightly floated up onto the stairs to stand on the stage.

After discovering his opponent was Yan Qing, Yin Bai scoffed disdainfully, his expression full of irreverence.

The matches at the beginning only had one elder as a referee. Furthermore, they sat on a tall podium an extreme distance away and used their spiritual consciousness to observe the matches. After all, the disciples of the Nine Great Sects had at least some degree of restraint and usually wouldn't cause an excessive amount of damage to their opponents.

So, in contests like these, there wouldn't be anybody nearby monitoring them.

Following the customs of the Upper Heaven, Yan Qing politely brought out his wooden sword and said, "Fellow Daoist Yin, please enlighten me."

Yin Bai's weapon was a chain, and the moment he saw Yan Qing take out a wooden sword, he suddenly felt he was being humiliated. His face contorted slightly, and he raised his voice, full of incredulity, to ask, "You're going to use *that* to compete against me?"

"Yup. Is there a problem?" Yan Qing revealed an innocent smile and leisurely replied, "My apologies, I just arrived in Nanze Province and don't know a thing. I actually just carved this makeshift wooden sword myself. It's pretty nimble, you shouldn't look down on it."

Everyone from Liuguang Sect on the stage: "..."

They all felt a bead of cold sweat run down their foreheads on behalf of this little Wangqing Sect disciple.

Yin Bai was so angry that his face turned white. But, after his gaze raked up and down Yan Qing, he calmed down and gave a sinister smile. "No worries. A beauty and a wooden sword, you suit each other."

Amidst the crowd, Yin Wuwang pursed his lips. Although he was worried, he simultaneously felt the fleeting thrill of revenge course through his veins. If Xie Ying's return hadn't interrupted him yesterday, then he would have told Yan Qing even more info about Yin Bai—he would've told him that Yin Bai was a cut-sleeve and loved torturing beautiful boys, so it would be best for him to surrender after exchanging one move.

There were over ten thousand disciples competing in the first round of the Qingyun Conference, and, as long as it wasn't a matter of life or death, the elders wouldn't step in. Now, Yan Qing was certain to lose face big time on the elevated stage\!

Yin Wuwang lowered his head, concealing the look in his eyes.

Atop the elevated stage, Yin Bai's eyes were ambiguous as he slowly drawled, "Little Fellow Daoist, let's take this match easy. I've long wanted to get a good taste of Wangqing Sect's swordplay."

Yan Qing glanced at him and smirked. "Alright."

The last remains of restraint faded from Yin Bai's gaze as it hungrily lingered on Yan Qing's neck and waist. The more he looked, the more the fire in his heart blazed. He suddenly laughed and said, "Fellow Daoist, how did you join Wangqing Sect immediately after entering Nanze Province? With your figure and aura, perhaps Hehuan Sect would be a better fit. It's also one of the Nine Great Sects, and Hehuan Sect even has a special method for extracting spiritual energy from dual cultivation. With your appearance, it's such a waste for you not to be dual cultivating with others." *It's such a waste for that beauty not to be enjoyed in bed.*

Yan Qing said, "No need for Yin-Xiong's concern, I already have a Dao companion."

Yin Bai frowned. "You have a Dao companion?"

Yan Qing: "En."

The malice in Yin Bai's smile grew even more. "Oh, then I hope your Dao companion is watching this match."

After speaking, the long chain in his hand moved, and with sinister intentions, he directly aimed for Yan Qing's waist. The chain was barbed with curved blades and could shred clothes with the slightest move.

"?" Yan Qing only knew that, when it came to Liuguang Sect, apples didn't fall far from the tree, but he never thought the apples would be this rotten. He glanced up slightly, but didn't make any flashy moves, merely lifting his sword up to block.

Yin Bai instantly smirked with disdain. His double-edged chain wasn't just any ordinary chain. He had refined it in spiritual fire countless times, and it was comparable to an Earth-tier celestial artifact. A mere flimsy wooden sword would simply be shredded into splinters by the chain's blades.

He abruptly applied a burst of force, manipulating his chain in an attempt to break the wooden sword in his hand. He would take his time torturing him later.

But the moment the double-edged chain neared the wooden sword, it suddenly was unable to move. It was frozen in an encasing of ice.

Yin Bai showed an astounded expression.

—*What is this?*

Yan Qing had only wanted to use the wooden to do some cursory blocking so it would be easier for him to secretly use his spirit silk. However, he didn't expect that a layer of frost would suddenly surface from the plum blossom wood, directly trapping that double-edged chain.

"You—" Yin Bai grit his teeth and finally regained a sliver of alertness.

The plum trees on Yuqing Peak were inherently part of its defensive array, and, over the years, were infused with Xie Shiyi's aura. Any old object would become a celestial artifact rarely seen in the world when imbued with the spiritual energy of a Soul Formation cultivator.

Yan Qing also never imagined that the wooden sword would be this powerful. He blinked and brandished it around a bit to test, only to see the frigid ice spread up the chain with a crackle. In an instant, like lightning, it shot toward Yin Bai's hand that was holding the chain.

The ice was bone-chillingly cold.

Yin Bai suddenly shrieked and let go.

The double-edged chain was frozen in the sky by ice.

In the blink of an eye, the ice crystals shattered into a thousand fragments\!

With absolute destructive power, the frozen double-edged chain was shattered along with it. It disintegrated into powder, falling to the ground with a rustle.

"My chain? My chain?\!" The corners of Yin Bai's eyes threatened to burst. His hand was still bleeding profusely, but his fury surged without restraint. No longer paying any mind to his injury, his black robes billowed furiously as ten yellow talismans flew out from within.  

"YOU SLUT\! I'M GOING TO KILL YOU AHHHHH\!"

He was planning on disgracing this slut anyway. Now he was going to make him suffer a fate worse than death\!

Yin Bai specialized in talismans because his Shizun was the foremost talisman user in the cultivation realm today: Fucheng.

Ten sheets of yellow talisman paper encircled Yan Qing, dividing and multiplying exponentially until there were too many to count. They fanned out and formed a talisman formation that enveloped him from all sides.

Yin Bai ground his teeth so hard they audibly crunched. He pressed his index and middle fingers together, and with his blood suspended in mid-air, stroke by stroke, he drew a tangled, complex pattern.

"Go\!" Yin Bai commanded.

The pattern drawn from blood surged forward with a resounding boom, imprinting itself onto the yellow talismans. With a bloody flash, the pattern instantly appeared on every single sheet of talisman paper.

The Liuguang Sect disciples below the stage were frozen with fear.

"Yin Bai's actually going to use the Guiyuan[^1] Thunder-Fire Talisman Formation?\!"

"It's just a mere competition, what does he want to do?"

The Guiyuan Thunder-Fire Talisman Formation could be considered Yin Bai's trump card. It was passed on by the Void Refinement stage, Great Elder Fucheng. It was fueled by blood from the heart, and, at the very minimum, half of the body's spiritual energy needed to be exhausted to activate it.

This victory-clinching technique should have been saved until the very end. Yin Bai was really going to use it in the very first match against someone at the early stage of Nascent Soul?

Simultaneously, the victor of Ning Yiqiu's match on the other stage was determined.

Not a single soul made a sound.

"Hehuan Sect's Bai Xiaoxiao wins."

Ning Yiqiu half knelt on the ground. Even when she set down her sword, the shock in her eyes still remained.

The Qingyun Conference had a "Ranking Challenge" segment at the very end of the competition. So, even if someone was unlucky and met a particularly thorny opponent on the very first round, it didn't necessarily mean that they had no chance whatsoever to make a comeback.

She was defeated by a disciple who was merely at the early stage, but she felt no humiliation or rage. All of her focus was on remembering the very final move this Hehuan Sect disciple used on her…

Piercing purple spiritual energy surged forth, like ancient thunder and lightning, smiting the nine heavens.

Directly smiting the sword in her hand, so severely that she coughed up blood.

Yet the youth before her eyes clearly didn't even know how to wield a sword, and his martial arts were weak and flimsy, even getting out of breath after merely two moves.

That final move surprisingly seemed to contain a trace…only a trace, of oppressive power. Yet even that tiny trace was sufficient to send her entire body quivering.

That kind of oppression could only be achieved at the Void Refinement stage.

Void Refinement stage—how could that be possible?

In the Upper Heaven, elders at the Void Refinement stage were extremely scarce. It had been so long since she joined Wangqing Sect, yet besides her master's master from Jingshuang Peak, she had never encountered any other Void Refinement stage elders…and, even then, she would only catch a glimpse of her master's master once every century.

Ning Yiqiu was speechless on the stage.

Below the stage, nobody breathed a word.

The Wangqing Sect disciples were especially stunned by this turn of events.

In stark contrast to her state was Bai Xiaoxiao. He had just experienced a rollercoaster of emotions, and currently, his lips were still panting lightly. His clear eyes harbored a sliver of bewilderment, but he was quickly struck silly by the rush of joy from emerging victorious. He thought of what his shixiongs and shijies said to him before he took the stage, and then he thought of the fact that the person he had defeated was the most highly favored disciple from Wangqing Sect this time around. For a moment, he was so emotional that tears welled up in his eyes.

He looked down at his hands with both gratified and mixed feelings. He thought, *Sure enough, my efforts these past few months weren't all for nothing…*

The Hehuan Sect disciples also wholly did not anticipate this development. They all had a very shallow understanding of this little shidi who had joined the sect halfway through his cultivation training. They only knew that he had a special constitution that was very compatible with Hehuan Sect's technique. Yet, even if they thought until their heads broke, they never would have thought he could even defeat Ning Yiqiu.

"Yiqiu-Shijie\!" Ming Ze rushed forward in distress to support Ning Yiqiu, who had blood gushing from the corners of her mouth.

Ning Yiqiu was silent as she walked down from the stage.

Bai Xiaoxiao jumped down from the stage himself, his pink robes fluttering behind him, looking just like a butterfly.

"Xiaoxiao\!" Although the Hehuan Sect disciples were feeling complicated emotions, they all squeezed out smiles and huddled around to congratulate him.

"Yan-Shixiong[^2], I won." Bai Xiaoxiao sniffled and smiled.

Before, when he was at Huichun Sect, he didn't even dare to imagine that one day he would be surrounded like this by disciples of one of the Nine Great Sects.

Everything that happened after he set foot in Nanze Province felt like a dream. First, he was swindled like a fool and was nearly sold off as a cultivation furnace. Later, he met a noble and entered Hehuan Sect.

After that, he and Yan Lexin trained and cultivated together, and he broke through to Nascent Soul. He was once a frog at the bottom of a well. Now, like a dream, he was standing among the stars.

"Yan-Shixiong, I beat Ning Yiqiu, I beat someone from Wangqing Sect." Bai Xiaoxiao cried tears of joy, and his entire person trembled.

Yan Lexin finally took a good, hard look at Bai Xiaoxiao. At first, when his shifu brought this little plaything back to the sect, he thought it was only so that it would be easier for him to dual cultivate and increase his power. Who knew…

Yan Lexin smiled slightly. "Xiaoxiao, congratulations."

The remaining people in the audience were all dumbstruck and unable to make heads or tails of the situation. The tables turned so quickly for this match above the elevated stage that absolutely nobody could clearly understand what happened.

That little disciple from Hehuan Sect couldn't even hold a sword steadily, and both his martial arts and his energy circulation were completely shambolic…but in the end, he still won???

There was a group of Liuguang Sect disciples who had gone over there to watch the match. When they saw that Ning Yiqiu had lost, they laughed out loud on the spot. The two sects had a long history of bad blood, so naturally, they didn't hold back with their words.

"So this was the person from Wangqing Sect who was most likely to win this time?"

"How eye-opening."

"Late stage Nascent Soul against early stage Nascent Soul, how trash do you have to be to lose even then?"

Ming Ze glared at them furiously and wanted to retort something, but Ning Yiqiu frowned and stopped him, saying, "Ming Ze, shut your mouth\!"

She had just spoken when a strong gust of wind blew over from the elevated stage toward the east.

Everyone had yet to recover from their shock at Ning Yiqiu's loss before they were shocked yet again. They all turned their heads one after another.

Only to see yellow talismans and bloody writing filling the sky, swirling around to form the Guiyuan Thunder-Fire Talisman Formation.

The rolling black fog even enveloped the sky above Wanxiang Stage.

"Is that, Yin Bai over there?"

"—Guiyan Thunder-Fire???"

One of the biggest differences between Liuguang Sect and the other sects was that they heavily treasured the blood vessels of the Yin Family.

And besides the iconic red diamond between the Liuguang Sect Master's brows, the other thing that was famous in the Upper Heaven was the Yin Family's protectiveness and bias toward their own kin.

To be willing to pass down the Guiyan Thunder-Fire Formation to the next generation just for a mere Qingyun Conference—it was evident just how much favor Yin Bai received within the sect.

"Oh no, the one who's fighting against Yin Bai is Yan Qing\!"

Ming Ze suddenly remembered this, and his eyes widened. He whipped his head around and said to Ning Yiqiu, "Shijie\! Yan Qing is only at the early stage of Nascent Soul right now. If he were to be injured by the Guiyan Thunder-Fire Formation, recovering for a few months is no big deal, but I'm worried his Dantian will shatter." And even worse, Yan Qing's Dantian wasn't formed through honest cultivation, and his foundation was weak.

Ming Ze was so worried he felt like an ant in a hot stove.

Ning Yiqiu didn't necessarily have a good impression of Yan Qing, but when she saw Ming Ze's anxiety, she still sighed and consoled, "Ah-Ze, don't worry, I'll send a message to Elder Tianshu right now."

Ming Ze: "Okay, thank you, Shijie."

Most of this round's matches at Wanxiang Stage were already over. Yan Qing's was the only one left, so everyone cast their gazes toward the eastern side.

In the middle of the Guiyan Thunder-Fire Formation, Yan Qing was bored to death. He reached out a hand, grabbed a sheet of talisman paper, and looked down at the pattern above it. Although it looked somewhat childish, it was still traced with the utmost care.

Yan Qing sighed, then laughed.

His laugh carried both lament and mockery.

He had to say, this really was the most crude talisman formation he had ever seen.

Huai Mingzi specialized in talismans, and when one's cultivation reached the Soul Formation stage, they didn't need to use paper as a medium at all. Power could be drawn from anything, and anything could be utilized. Flowers on leaves, wind on fire, with a single wave of an aged hand in the black fog that old man wrapped around himself as a robe, countless heads rolled on the ground from thousands of miles away.

Huai Mingzi was wary of his Zhinu Thread, so he would never openly make a move against him.

He could only conspire with the Eunuch Qi beside him, secretly making trouble for him every day.

Yan Qing saw enough. He could practically call himself a master of talismans.

Yan Qing looked at Yin Bai's talisman, and a spiritual energy condensed at his fingertips. On top, he humbly wrote—

"Let me teach you what a real talisman is."

[^1]:  归元, returning to origins

[^2]:  Not the same surname as Yan Qing, a different Yan
